
One

   At the entrance was a gray box with a white panel and a glowing red dot on top. He had observed the driver ahead of him press a keycard to the panel, at which point the dot turned green and the gate lifted, allowing his BMW to pass through. Now it was his turn. He put the Jeep into park and fumbled through a manila folder on the passenger seat. After a brief moment of panic he found the keycard paper-clipped to his W4 and pressed it against the panel, noticing as he did the growing line of cars now backed into the main road. The red dot blinked twice, but did not turn green as it had for the BMW, and the gate did not open.
	He sighed.
	"Of course it doesn't work. Why would it?"
	There was impatient beeping and honking from the line. He attempted the keycard once again to no effect and then gestured in frustration towards the box for everyone to see. Then, just as he was about to u-turn out of line and phone Tammy Long from HR, he noticed an attractive woman in a camel-hair peacoat approaching in the rear-view mirror. Around her neck she wore a retractable badge with a keycard inside. When she reached the pox she held her own badge up to the panel. The dot turned green and the gate lifted.
	"Sorry about that," he said, "First day."
	But the woman was already headed back to her car without so much as a glance in his direction. She responded to his lame apology with a quick "Naw you good", which for some reason irritated him. But the gate was open.
	As he entered the technology park slits of rain appeared on the windshield. The sky was thick with dark clouds and though it was 7:30 in the morning the light was dim. Predawn. Last Wednesday, the day of his interview, it had been clear weather, blue skies and sunshine. Now in the overcast everything he recognized seemed paradoxically unfamiliar and strange. The Jeep wound through the curves in the road, enclosed by regular rows of pine trees resembling the ancient colonnades of a lost civilization. This too felt different, oppressive in some way he could not articulate. He had not felt this way before. Slowly he noticed that his stomach felt as if it were eating itself. Nerves, he thought.
	"Relax, Will" he said aloud, "Just breathe. Perfectly normal to be freaked out your first day."
	Oddly his reassurance to himself did help.
	He emerged from the wooded route and entered a hilly area with offices on both sides of the road. These were concrete and glass cubes about two stories high. Out in front a white van was parked and several workers in coveralls were busy trimming hedges and laying down cedar wood chips around the base of the largest building. Another was spraying down the parking lot with a garden hose, cleaning the debris of their labor. The road he was on ended in a roundabout. There were fancy wooden signs adorned with company logos and arrows telling you which exit to take. He saw the sign for his company and immediately felt weak in his stomach. From the center console he pulled out the bottle of Pepto Bismol he had picked up at a gas station on the way, anticipating this exact moment. He twisted off the cap and downed its entire contents in just a few gulps, feeling the chalky pink liquid work its magic almost immediately.
	By the time he pulled into the parking lot it was still early, a full half hour before he was supposed to meet with Tammy Long in the lobby. He turned off the ignition and sat in the quiet, glancing at his phone every other minute, counting down. This only made him more anxious so he looked outside and watched the people entering the building. His eyes went from person to person. He wondered what their lives were like. What circumstances had led them to work in the same building he was now going to work. They all looked so serious. Business-like. An impish part of him recoiled at the stodginess of all this and a thought popped into his head. What would happen if he took off his pants and underwear and walked inside  to meet Tammy Long as if nothing were out of the ordinary. Shirt buttoned. Tie knotted. Manila folder in hand. Dick freely swinging. Ass cheeks exposed. How long would it take for someone to actually say something to him? What would they say? Then he recognized he was being too glib, which happened sometimes when he was anxious, and admonished himself. Don't be weird today, Will. Normal people don't think thoughts like that. Be serious. Take things seriously for once in your life.
	Just then a man passed behind his Jeep. He was obese and wore a long, black trench coat. Over his shoulder he was carrying a worn laptop bag, also black. His face was cleanly shaven, but thoroughly pockmarked with acne scars. He wore unstylish plastic-frame eyeglasses with tinted lenses. But none of those details were what caught his eye. The man was moving at the pace of someone trudging through swampland, his apparent aim to prolong the journey from parking lot to office as long as humanly possible.
	He noticed others and tried to glean from their faces and gaits whether they were happy to be there opposed to the obese man, who clearly was not. Some did have that same sloth-like pace, the same dead-eyed look in their eyes. But then others walked with enthusiasm and purpose. A fit man nearly jogged past his Jeep, wearing a dark-blue tailored suit and a Hitler youth haircut. He carried a small briefcase under his arm like a football and was shouting to someone via bluetooth earpiece. This early in the morning. A salesperson no doubt. But full of life.
	These are my people now, he thought as he watched them. This is my world if I walk through those doors. When I walk through those doors, because of course I will. A sense of finality descended on him like a cloud. A feeling of death and hopelessness within his heart. Then immediately he put it out of his mind. Today he must be present. Focused. Positive. You only get one chance at a first impression, remember that. But where was the boy in him who would have longed to run off in the woods that surround this technology park and climb up the biggest tree he could find? There was a time in his life when he might have done just that. Damn the responsibility. But not now. He would never do that now. And yet, when exactly had that changed? This was a new start. A new year. A new job. A new apartment in the city. Put all that negativity behind you, Will. Don't dwell inside your head anymore. Don't think those kinds of thoughts. Suddenly, from the corner of his eye, he caught the time. 
	7:55 a.m.
	Here we go.
	He got out of the Jeep, manila folder in hand, shirt tucked, hair combed, pants and underwear on, and began the twenty-yard journey to the office building. As he approached the tinted glass doors he saw his reflection and noticed how awkwardly he walked and wondered if the HR person was inside watching him at this moment.
	He entered the lobby. The floors were polished marble and the ceiling stretched three stories high. It was a cavernous space. Consequently every sound you made was magnified tenfold. He hesitated just inside the door until he recognized Tammy Long near the elevators. She called him over with an enthusiastic get-over-here gesture, positively beaming at him.
	"Well, good morning to you! How was your drive in?"
	"Good morning, Tammy," he said, extending his hand, "Long. But okay."
	She nodded.
	"The commutes are killer in these parts. But we do the best we can. You're coming up 400, correct? I'll email you some shortcuts only the locals know about."
	"That would be awesome."
	"Are you ready for the big day?"
	"Absolutely. So glad to be here."
	He handed her the manila envelope with all the paperwork inside and then they took the lobby elevator to the second floor. Along the way she explained.
	"Second floor is IT and development. Third floor is executive, marketing, and HR. First is support and sales."
	"Good to know."
	On the second floor they entered a wide open room, the entire floor really, filled with rows and rows of gray cubicles. The smell of coffee and breakfast sandwiches was thick in the air. To his left he saw floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the parking lot where he had just come from. There was a buzz of activity, people walking past in a hurry, a group huddled around a monitor, another group in a meeting room drawing on the whiteboard. It was exciting. Like something you wanted to be a part of and contribute to. And he did. Now that he was here. All the anxiety of his commute and waiting in the parking lot had dissipated. This is where he belonged.
	Tammy showed him the break room, the bathrooms, introduced him to the IT department, and showed him where the meeting rooms were and how to access them with the keycard. He took this opportunity to inform her his keycard had not worked at the entrance gate.
	"Oh, shoot," she said, apologetic, "I reminded them to do that on Friday. Once I'm done here I will pay a visit to security. You'll have a working keycard by the end of today or heads will roll. You can bet the farm on that!"
	Next he was shown his cubicle. It sat on a corner near a lot of foot traffic, adjacent to the bathrooms. There was a large monitor and a docked laptop, but little else, in the work space. He noticed the computer was logged on and open to a window with a running script.
	"Here's where I will leave you," she said, "Chen Lu will be over in a few minutes. You remember him from your interview. He's the tech lead of the Build team and will be your immediate supervisor. He'll take you through the next steps and get you set up with all that whiz-bang stuff."
	She gestured to the laptop.
	"This is your computer but hold off before doing anything with it, since I believe they are still using it to run build scripts. Normally we'd have a fresh system for you to use, but unfortunately Abigail was unable to complete a knowledge transfer before she left and we've had to leave this system as is until we're sure we got everything we need off of it. In fact, if I heard it right, one of the first things you'll be doing is automating the build process."
	She trailed off as if losing her train of thought and there was a moment of uncomfortable silence which he felt responsible to fill with something.
	"Sounds like you guys were left high and dry."
	She stopped and looked at him, her eyes probing, and a little bit concerned.
	"Did they not say anything to you? During the interview I mean? I had thought they would've at least mentioned the situation to you, before you started."
	Instantly he regretted saying anything at all. That was just like him, to be too familiar with people he barely knew, about things he knew nothing about.
	"Well no. I mean, I don't think so. This is the first time I've heard about a situation."
	She nodded and gave him a reassuring smile, seeing his confusion and bewilderment.
	"Well, maybe it's not my place to say. Don't worry about it. Anyway, Chen Lu will be here after the morning standup. Just make yourself comfortable. Help yourself to some coffee or whatever you do for breakfast. And once again, welcome to the company. We are thrilled to have you on board!"
	She left. He sat down in the chair of his cubicle. Swiveled it from side to side. Adjusted the height. It was no Aeron, but whatever. He went through all the desk drawers. All were empty except for a couple of paper binders, an old pen, a box of chamomile tea and some napkins and a spork. Then he glanced at the monitor and watched the script running, trying to decipher what it was doing but the output was scrolling by too fast. His inclination would have been to poke around on the laptop but he was hesitant after what Tammy had told him. He went to the break room and poured a cup of coffee and added a some powdered creamer and a bit too much sugar. He returned to his cubicle, sat back in the chair, pulled out his phone, and surfed the web.
	Soon Chen Lu arrived at the cubicle and shook his hand, welcoming him to the team. They were on familiar terms since the interview. He liked Chen, who was older than him and had a wry sense of humor, uncommon in this kind of environment. The first thing Chen did was show him what scripts they run on the build system (his laptop). But Chen made no comment or reference to the previous developer, Abigail, who Tammy had mentioned somewhat mysteriously.
	Chen explained to him that his first job would be to fully automate the script and deploy it to cloud servers, instead of a single laptop, so it could be scaled as needed. Not to mention the bus factor of having the entire build process running on a developer's machine, which was never intended but it just happened that way because of prioritization. This all made sense to him, he had seen even worse build systems in his time, and he saw no reason at the moment to probe any deeper with questions about the previous developer.
	Afterwards, they walked a few rows over and he was introduced him to the rest of the Build team. There were three others, excluding Chen: Steve Kauffman, Crystal Mathers, and Byron Smith. Now he made five. Chen suggested they all meet at the elevators at noon for a welcome lunch.
    
  The cafeteria was on the lower level of building E. The five of them took the walking path which ran parallel to the main buildings. The wind had picked up since morning, whish-ing through pines trees, whose tops were in constant motion. On the way they zipped or buttoned up their coats and did not speak much at all to one another. Chen in front donned the hood of his jacket which made him look boyish, and not particularly like the tech lead of the Build team. Soon they reached E building, which he knew by a large wooden placard on the wall facing them. Here was a terrace. Its floors were made of large flagstone and overhead was a mesh lanai to keep out the weather. There were about twenty tables, nearly vacant today. They all went inside.
	He took a tray from the rack and piled on a large serving of mashed potatoes, a blackened chicken breast, and a spicy ratatouille of zucchini, tomato, and eggplant. He poured a sweet tea to drink. The food here was priced by weight and once weighed, his came out to just over twelve dollars. Chen informed the cashier they were all together and asked her to put everything on a card he had pulled from his wallet. 
	They decided to sit outside and put two tables together so they could all sit together. In a social setting it became clear they all knew each other intimately but deep down they did not share much in common, apart from the job itself. So most of the conversation drifted that way.
	"So now that you've seen what we're up against," Crystal Mathers said, between spoonfuls of minestrone, steaming in the bowl, "are you ready to run for the hills?"
	He took a moment to respond, partly for dramatic effect, partly to give himself time to answer diplomatically.
	"Well, the last thing I want to do is be that asshole who comes into a new work environment and immediately wants to change everything or criticize all the choices that have been made up to now, without really understanding why those choices were made to begin with."
	Another pause.
	"But you want to change everything and criticize all our choices."
	Laughter.
	"Well, obviously," he said, playing along, and then continuing with earnestness, "I mean the whole thing with the builds running on a developer machine, that is just waiting for a disaster to happen."
	"Oh trust me, we know," said Steve, his steak and cheese sub was already half gone and the napkin he had stuffed into his shirt was stained with grease and beef droppings.
	Byron Smith added to that. He sipped on a sugar-free soda, not eating.
	"It's priorities, you know. For most of this past year we've been a four person team but doing the work of twenty. Because of that we seem to always be firefighting. But now that you're here, we'd like to finally get these build scripts onto their own servers, load-balanced, and horizontally scalable. It's the one bottleneck that's really slowing down the QA side of things. They have to wait an hour sometimes for a new build to be deployed."
	They all nodded. He nodded also, having been in situations like that plenty of times before.
	"You know what," he said, his hands becoming animated, "I am genuinely excited to be joining a group that wants to use technology and make things better. For so long I've worked with people who just don't have a passion for this stuff, clock-watchers, paycheck collectors, the walking dead you know? Not to open any wounds, but I heard through the grapevine that your previous developer sort of left you guys high and dry, and I think that's frankly bullshit and extremely unprofessional. I know we can do better."
	All the faces around the table dropped. Nobody said anything, nobody acknowledged what he had said directly. But it was clear it had opened a wound. In the quiet that followed he found himself scanning the woods on the other side of the path, where a small black bird was resting on the limb of a maple tree. It was too far away to hear them, but it seemed to take off into the air the same moment Chen finally broke the silence.
	"Did you guys see the new Leonardo DiCaprio movie yet? It's about a dream within a dream within a dream. What an exciting adventure. My mind was blown!"
	None of them had so Chen proceeded to enumerate the plot in mostly spoiler-free detail. He was eating a cucumber and red onion salad from a Tupperware container. For some reason he just knew this lunch had been prepared by his wife, though he had no knowledge whether Chen even had a wife. It seemed too perfect and healthy and not the sort of lunch someone like Chen would have made for himself.
	When lunch was over they made the trek back to Building A, again not speaking much at all to one another. When they were back on the second floor each disappeared without a word or even a glance in his direction.
	He returned to his cubicle and started working through the existing build scripts, taking notes and adding comments as needed. The scripts were written in Powershell, a language he was vaguely familiar with. He could tell from their organization, the clarity of the logic, and how well things were commented, that the previous developer was good at least. All the time he worked, in the back of his mind, he replayed what he had said over lunch and his coworkers reaction to it and wondered if he had gone too far in the things he said.
	
  After work he packed up the laptop along with all the accessories and headed to the parking lot, taking the stairwell this time instead of the elevator. His plan was to do a deep dive of the system this evening. Maybe over a burger and beer at George's, a bar and grill nearby his new apartment that looked pretty good. He understood his duty was to become the expert on all the existing build scripts and then come up with a viable plan to deploy them onto cloud servers. He was going to knock it out of the park and impress them all.
	In the parking lot the storm that had been threatening the entire day had at last arrived. The skies were unusually dark and the wind blew with ferocity. There was pine straw and dried leaves swirling in the air. It was biting cold.
	He zipped up his coat to the collar and nestled his face inside as he made a dash for the Jeep, which he forgot was parked all the way in back of the lot. He felt tiny droplets of rain on his cheeks.
    From the building a voice called his name. He turned and saw that it was Tammy from HR. She had on a bright blue raincoat and was holding an umbrella in one hand. In the other she held a keycard. He jogged back to meet her.
    "This is yours. Don't lose it. I had to practically give up my firstborn to make it happen."
    He smiled.
    "I won't. Thank you for taking care of that."
    She told him it was no trouble and then lingered for some reason, as if she had something else to say but didn't know how to bring it up. He picked up on that and waited. Her eyes went to the parking lot and back to him again.
    "I wanted to tell you, before you left today."
    Her voice trailed off. She looked at the ground and when she looked back up her entire demeanor had changed. The professional amiability behind her eyes was gone.
    "The person who held your position before,"
    "Abigail?"
    "That's right. About six months ago now, Abigail took her own life."
    It was a shock. His mind immediately went to those moments he had referred to the previous developer with casual disdain and criticism. What a fool I am, he thought. I should have kept my damn mouth shut.
    But there was something else. Tammy had an expectant look in her eyes. He waited.
    "I wanted you to hear it. I know I would have wanted to know if I were in your shoes and I was getting the impression nobody else wanted to say anything."
    "Right. I appreciate that. It must have been hard."
    She nodded.
    "It took us all by surprise."
    The word 'surprise' caught in her throat, as she remembered. She said nothing for a long moment. The wind blew her hair from the side and tugged at the umbrella. He could see her hand struggling to keep it upright. Then tears welled in her eyes.
    "Sometimes me and her took our lunches together. We connected over crochet. She was just getting into it and I've been doing that practically all my life. So we'd talk about things she was working on, different techniques, tools to use, stuff like that. When the weather was nice enough we'd take walks after lunch. We took the path behind the building down into the woods. There's a pond at the bottom of the hill with a few ducks in it. We'd admire the nature and talk about everything. Office gossip, family matters, you know."
    He said nothing. Listened. Then her eyes went to the beginning of the path. She wiped a tear from her cheek. Her mind was elsewhere, lost in a memory.
    "She was such a beautiful soul, Abigail was. And so kind to me."
    
