
Two

  He was five miles from the office, in bumper to bumper traffic, in the bottleneck of the southbound tollbooth lanes, when the storm at last fell. It was a downpour. The last thing he needed after a stressful first day and during this hellish commute to his apartment. He was yet unfamiliar with the best lanes to be in and was perpetually in lanes that became exit only, or else ended altogether. The rain fell so heavy the wipers barely kept the windshield clear. He shouted, honked, banged on the steering wheel, flipped the bird, and forced his way into whatever lane he needed to be in, like every other commuter on the interstate. Meanwhile a leak from the door dripped rainwater onto his knee like some kind of cruel method of torture. When at last he could take no more he squeezed the steering wheel with all his might and let out a primal scream until his vision grew dim and stars appeared in his periphery. He drove on.
  Inside the perimeter the traffic finally relented but the storm continued to rage. Intermittent lightning flashes revealed in the distance a silhouette of the skyline. A building which had been obscured by the torrents of rain appeared suddenly out of the mist, like a towering colossus, and loomed overhead at a dizzying height. He entered a tunnel lit only by a line of amber lights. He found himself surrounded by dozens of cars all going the same direction. They had of course been there the entire time, but in the light of the tunnel he became aware of their proximity as if for the first time. The sudden change disoriented him. He panicked and felt a tightness in his chest. There was something chaotic in all of this, unnatural, and the only way to deal with it at all was to tune it out and keep your foot on the gas pedal, until you made it through. Once outside the tunnel he drove under a tube walkway spanning the entire width of the interstate. Inside the tube he saw a man on a bench with his head in his hands.
  	Exit 16 turned onto Monroe Avenue. He pulled off the interstate and immediately the knot inside his chest loosened. The rain still poured, but at least he was close to home, in familiar territory. His tentative plan to visit George's Bar and Grill for dinner and some late night work was cancelled. All he wanted to do now was get back to the warmth of his apartment and crash on the couch. But he was hungry. He considered ordering delivery, Mellow Mushroom maybe, but his conscience would not allow him to have a delivery driver go out in this mess, only for him. He was an asshole, but he wasn't that kind of asshole.
  	A couple of blocks before his apartment complex, on the corner, was a CVS Pharmacy. He pulled in. Jacket over his head,  he made a dash for the entrance and once inside grabbed a shopping basket from a stack near the door. He picked up a package of dry spaghetti, a jar of marinara sauce, and a can of  mushrooms. He also grabbed a bottle of their finest Cabernet Sauvignon. Then at the counter he realized he forgot the parmesan cheese and there and back again as quickly as he could, ignoring the irritated customers behind him in line.
  	At the entrance of his building he entered the code they had provided to him, his apartment number plus 404, the area code. Not the most rigorous security system in the world, but hey, whatever works. He had been assigned a parking spot which was fairly close to his stairwell. The building had been recently renovated and was very hip, at least to his unhip eyes. There was exposed concrete floors and support beams. The walls were painted in bright shades of burgundy, mustard, and hunter green, depending on the floor. The walls of his floor were burgundy while his door was painted black.
  	He shouldered the laptop bag and carried the groceries up to the third floor. Along the way he passed a couple of young women carrying laundry baskets. He gave them both what he thought to be a casual yet charming smile and they both smiled back. 
  	Once inside, he put the groceries on the island and dropped the laptop bag on his desk, which sat near a window overlooking the BeltLine. The first thing he did was look for a corkscrew to open the bottle of wine, but unfortunately all of his non-essential kitchenware was still in boxes piled next to the pantry. Not having the energy to look through the boxes he did the next best thing and used a paring knife to stab and slice the cork from the bottle. This turned out to be more work than he expected, but after ten minutes of poking, pushing, and chopping, he finally got enough leverage to pull it out. He poured into a tumbler. Those were the only glasses he currently owned, one of the many things he meant to address after he got settled in.
  	The first glass was gone, the bitter sweetness of the wine warmed him from the inside out. He needed it after that commute. The commute from hell. Two hours it took him, from the office parking lot to his apartment building. He hoped the storm-free commutes would be a bit less hellish, and quicker. Otherwise he was going to enter the madhouse. He poured more wine and set the glass on the counter. He looked in the cabinets above the stove for some pots and a colander, which thankfully he had already unboxed. He boiled the pasta and heated up the marinara and mushrooms and combined the final product into a red, plastic mixing bowl. Over the pasta he shook nearly half the can of parmesan cheese and then mixed it all up with a fork. He took the mixing bowl and tumbler of wine to the couch and proceeded to wolf it down.
  	After he ate he set the bowl on the end table and lay back on the couch, his hands folded over his swollen belly. He looked around the apartment. He saw all the boxes left to be unpacked and sighed. Fuck it. It would have to wait for the weekend. This commute was going to be a killer. He knew that going in, but then maybe he didn't fully appreciate how much it would suck. Maybe once he got familiar enough with the code and technology stacks, Chen would allow him to work from home a couple days a week. It didn't seem unreasonable to him.
  	He flipped on the TV and found some re-runs of Seinfeld. This was good to zone out for a bit, let his meal settle. His gourmet meal. And now Seinfeld, some comfort food for the mind. In his younger days he had always scoffed at old people who wanted to switch off their brains in the evening and relax with game shows. But now he got it. You only have so much mental bandwidth and need to conserve energy for what is truly important. He watched the exploits of Jerry, George, Elaine, and Kramer for awhile, his attention wavering, drifting in and out of focus. The wine doing its work. Then he fell asleep. Of course, he did not realize he had fallen asleep until he woke up and another show was on, a show he did not recognize at all. He turned it off.
  	His attention went to the laptop bag on his desk. He stared at it for a good minute, debating whether or not he even had the energy, but then mustered some and walked over, pulling the laptop from the bag and plugging it into the outlet on the wall behind the desk. He turned it on. The screen lit up and a few minutes later he was logged on. He double-clicked a text file on the desktop where he had been taking notes earlier in the day, and reviewed the notes. Then he opened the last build script he had been studying and re-familiarized himself with the logic. He found it hard to follow tonight. The two glasses of wine had dulled his brain and also he was tired. He drifted off from time to time while reading through the code. Not asleep but on autopilot. Before he knew it he was browsing the filesystem for some reason. There did seem to be something he was looking for, though perhaps he was not yet conscious of it. Under the Home folder was another folder called Pictures. He opened that and saw an entire directory of subfolders, named things like BahamaCruiseNov2007, BlueRidgeAppleFarm, and GrantBDayPartyAug2009.
  	He clicked on the folder named BahamaCruiseNov2007. The first picture was a self-portrait of a young woman, and her mother? It was hard to say, though likely based on their shared features. They wore sunglasses and wide-brimmed sun hats. They were clinking their glasses of pīna coladas, complete with umbrellas, both of them making kissy faces at the lens. This was Abigail. The previous developer. It had to be her. He knew it was her. Without knowing he knew. Without knowing how he knew, he knew.
  	 She was thin, with pale, slightly freckled skin, and dark brown hair cut into a bob, which exposed her neck and slightly-sunburnt shoulders. She looked, happy. As he went through the album he began to feel like a bit of a creep. And considered stopping. For one thing these photos were private, not meant for public consumption, and certainly not for him. But something about her allured him. What he could not say.
	Most of the photos had been taken poolside or from lounge chairs, and in most they were holding fru-fru drinks. The only people in any of the photos were Abigail and the person he supposed to be her mother. Towards the bottom were some photos taken on an island. There were some long shots of the young woman looking through souvenirs and finally a picture that confirmed his suspicion. In the photo she was holding up a wooden mug with the words "Abigail's Cocoa. Hands off!" carved into the side. In the background was an old Dominican man flashing a toothless grin.
	He spent the next hour looking through the album. For the life of him he was unable to reconcile the woman he saw in these photos, who seemed so full of joy and life and laughter, with death. With suicide.
	At five to ten he looked up and saw the time. By now half  the bottle of wine was gone and his mind was heavy. He had spent the last three hours immersed in the photographic life of Abigail, the woman who he replaced. But Abigail who? He hadn't even learned her full name yet. After ten more minutes he gave himself permission to look for another ten minutes, but that was it. After that, bedtime. And at the end of that ten minutes, he gave himself permission for yet another ten. This was the pattern.
	He opened Outlook and looked for saved email accounts. Soon he found what he was looking for. There was an inactive account under the name "abigail.bennett". He tried to open the account but it required a password and he had neither the focus nor the knowledge needed to crack it, unfortunately.
	Unsuccessful with email he looked through the Documents folder and found several things of interest. The first were templates for Medical Power of Attorney and Financial Power of Attorney. The second was a PDF explaining the various stages of breast cancer. The last was a text file called "expense.log", detailing specific expenses for hospital stays, doctor visits, and prescriptions. Did she have cancer? His first instinct was no. Perhaps her mother did. That seemed more plausible. But plausible did not satisfy his curiosity at this point and he kept looking.
	Returning to the Pictures folder he next opened the subfolder named GrantBDayPartyAug2009. At once he recognized the location of the party as the Varsity. One of the photos had Abigail wearing one of their famous vintage hats. Grant must be the name of the boy, he supposed. From the number of candles on the cake he saw the boy was turning five. There were lots of photos of him opening presents, ripped paper, bows. Most of the gifts were Legos. A boy after his own heart. In the background of one of the group shots, he saw Abigail's mother. At least he thought it was her. In this photo she looked older, much older than she had during the cruise. She was thinner, her hair grayer, than she was before.
	Seeing this family celebration brought up memories of his own family. Feelings he had suppressed for a long time now. He got up from the computer and went to the counter to pour another glass of wine. He also took a box of Cheez-Its from the cabinet. Then he returned to the desk, sat down, and did nothing. Ate. Drank. Remembered things. Things that had gone wrong in the past and because nobody had thought, or cared, to right them at the time, were now more or less permanent. These things troubled his heart.
	Becoming estranged from his family and friends was not something he had planned for or even wanted. It had just happened, one small gesture at a time, not calling back his sister, not being there when his best friend asked his help to move some furniture. And then there was the Thanksgiving debacle, a final blowup that severed all communication for months. It wasn't that they never spoke at all, a phone call here, a random text there, but something had been lost, irrevocably. Something that didn't even have a proper name, a closeness, a sense of belonging, he wasn't sure. But now that it was gone he missed it terribly. The worst part was that he knew all he had to do was to reach out, to say forget this bullshit, please forgive me as I have forgiven you. All we have in this world is each other. A few brief moments of togetherness is all we have, before the end. It ain't worth it. All the bullshit in the world ain't worth it.
	And yet every time he seriously considered picking up the phone, there was something inside him that pulled back, that didn't want to face the awkwardness and the bringing into light things that had long lived in darkness. He hated it. Everything about it. It suffocated him and more than anything else he longed to breathe freely again. But he just couldn't. Or wouldn't. And here he was.
	At that moment there was a popup on the computer screen along with a chime, and he just about fell out of the chair.
	"Jesus Fuck!"
	One he had regained composure he clicked on the notification. It was a calendar reminder. It said: 
	
	Write in Journal
	
  His mind spun off in several directions. This was a turn. One, it meant Abigail's calendar was likely still linked to this computer somehow. So he'd be able to look through that if he wanted. And two, even more interesting, she kept a journal.
	With this news he snapped back to focus and began scouring the filesystem for anything that remotely looked like a journal. He went through the Documents folder, looked through Downloads, and for completeness sake Pictures, Movies, and App Data. But there was nothing. Then he went through the list of applications and opened Word, Notepad, TextEdit, basically anything one could use to write a journal. Still nothing.
	At one in the morning he closed the laptop, defeated for now, too tired to process anything else tonight. He put the bottle of wine in the fridge, placed his dishes in the sink, and went straight to bed, collapsing on the mattress on the floor, the bed frame leaning against the wall.
	In his dreams that night he visits his sister in Nashville. His brother is also there. In reality they have not spoken for close to a year, last Christmas. But in the dream they are in Nashville and all headed to a concert in the downtown park. But by the time they arrive at the park they had all become children again. They also had their bikes and decide to walk them up a big, grassy hill in the middle of the park. At the top they decide to have a race to the bottom. Whoever wins gets the prize. Since he is the oldest he lets his sister and brother have a head start. His sister is on a purple bike with yellow streamers coming off the handlebars. His brother is on a cool, gray BMX. He is on a yellow mountain bike.
	They take off. Even giving them a head start he is too fast for his younger siblings. He easily overtakes them by the halfway point. Pedaling as fast as he can he looks at the bottom of the hill and to his horror sees a creature with arms like the branches of a willow tree, except razor sharp. Its arms move slowly through the air. He panics and ditches his bike on the ground, rolling on the ground to a stop. He sees his brother and sister still headed down, unaware of the threat below. An immense guilt overwhelms him. He feels a deep responsibility for their well-being, but knows are going to die.
	
  Awake in bed. The weight of his isolation in this silent and unfamiliar city at last bears down on him and he feels it as a physical sensation, on his shoulders, behind his eyes, and even in his heart. He is sick in his heart, and utterly alone.