
Three

  A week passed. During that time he settled into a workable routine, awake at seven, on the road by seven thirty, office by eight fifteen, coffee while checking mail until eight thirty, daily standup at nine, work until lunchtime, lunch at the cafeteria, work until five, evening commute, home by seven, dinner, tv, movie, or game, then bed. Repeat.
	The commute was bad. No doubt. But he was willing to suffer it for now. Maybe once he had some recent experience on his resume he might look for something closer to his apartment. But, he liked the people here and the work was challenging so far. He had deep dived into the existing build scripts and now understood them far better than Chen or anyone else on the Build team. Now that he had a good grasp on the current system he was hard at work devising a strategy to get the builds onto a server in the cloud and off his development machine.
	Today was an important day. After work there was going to be an all-hands status meeting in the large conference room on the first floor. Each development team was to give a brief presentation on their recent accomplishments. Everyone would be there. CEO, CTO, CFO, all the C-Level folks. Representatives from HR, Sales, and Marketing. And of course, all of development. About seventy-five to a hundred people, give or take. It was also important because it would be his first presentation at the company. Chen asked him to give one, since his work automating the build process was the most exciting thing the Build group had done this quarter. And it directly impacted the other development teams. So they would appreciate the update. He had never done a real presentation before and had spent the evening prior putting together PowerPoint slides, with lots of fancy graphs and animations. When he showed Chen and the others the final presentation they gave him high fives and said it was going to be a grand slam. He hoped so.
	The conference room was jammed with people. There was no more room at the large table or any seats left around the edge of the room. Everyone who arrived later had to stand. Chen, anticipating the crowd, had gotten Crystal and Steve to go down early and save seats for them all. So the Build team got prime seats at the table.
	When it came time for him to give the presentation he rose and introduced himself as a new member of the Build team. Not many knew who he was, having started so recently, but he saw a lot of friendly and encouraging faces in the crowd, and that gave him a boost of confidence.
	"So, I wanted to show you guys some of the progress I've made since joining the Build team last week. If you look at this chart, you can see our QA build and deployment processes have been averaging an hour up to almost two hours, ever since Project Fusion got off the ground back in late 2009."
	He paused for dramatic effect.
	"That sucks."
	The room erupted in laughter. He waited patiently for the attention to return to him, then resumed just as he had rehearsed in the mirror over the last two days.
	"What I've been working on, with Chen's expert guidance, over the past week, is taking the excellent scripts Abigail Bennett created and modifying them for deployment to our cloud TFS Build servers."
	At the mention of Abigail he saw Chen give him a frown and noticed some of good vibes in the room turned sour. A lot of stern or otherwise downcast faces. It was like nobody wanted to acknowledge she ever existed.
	"Skipping a lot of technical mumbo-jumbo, the upshot is we've decreased QA build and deployment times by 60%. The average build time is now 37 minutes. And we think we are able to get that down even more, with some clever artifact caching techniques."
	The room erupted again, this time in applause. Chen stood up and clapped. After the room quieted down again he went through a few more slides, showing how this improvement would speed up the entire development, QA pipeline. And then he thanked the crowd and sat down next to Chen, who clasped him on the shoulder like a brother.
  The presentation lasted another hour. Afterwards, the CEO gave a motivational speech to the group and closed his speech by saying there was a catered buffet and open bar waiting in the meeting room next door. Everyone clapped and then rose to their feet in unison.
  At the buffet table he dished a plate of roast beef, asparagus, and mashed potatoes and then grabbed a Dos Equis from the bar. He sat down at table with the rest of the Build group and they congratulated him on both the presentation and the progress he had made in such a short period of time.
  Fifteen minutes later the CEO came up to the table and also congratulated the team on their progress. Then he turned to Will and extended his hand.
  "Pence Kenton. So glad to finally meet you. We're super impressed with the work you've done so far, Will, and are so excited to have you on board."
  "Thank you, Pence," he said, "I'm glad to be here."
  Pence scanned the table, nodding to Chen, Steve, Crystal, and Byron in quick succession.
  "Last year was difficult," Pence said, "But through the our hard work we got through it and look at us now. Guys there's a lot of positive things on the horizon. We got this!"
  Pence left and Byron remarked that he always sounds like he is giving a keynote. Everyone laughed.
  
   After dinner the people went home, very full and a little drunk, and for some it was the other way around. But Will stuck around, not feeling like the drive home just yet, still too wound up from the success of his presentation.
   He ordered a double whisky from the bar and went upstairs, his intention to tackle a bug in the code that had been nagging him all day long. Anyway, he liked the office at night. The vast empty cubicles. The dim lighting, providing just enough illumination to find your cubicle, or the exit. The quiet hum of computers. The lack of voices. It was a fine time to get things done.
   Sat at his desk, he opened the script that had been giving him trouble and retraced the logic to the place where he was stumped. The complexity of the code made his brain feel like mashed potatoes. He leaned back in the chair and rubbed both eyes with his hands. His vision was blurry from both the lateness of the hour and the alcohol in his bloodstream. Maybe it was not a fine time after all.
   He thought about Abigail. So far he had not learned much more about her than he had on the evening of his first day at work. It had become something of an obsession. A game of detective he played whenever work was slow or in the evenings when he was putting off the unpacking that remained to do. Calling it a game was a bit of a misnomer. His curiosity was sincere. He wanted to learn more about who she was. This person who died, whose ghost now haunted him because of who he was, the person who had replaced her. 
   Besides the photo albums and documents on the computer he was able to view her calendar entries. Each night at midnight the same notification popped up on the screen, just as it had the first night: Write in Diary.
   The thing was, the thing that really tantalized him, tormented him really, there was no diary on the laptop. Not that he could find. He had scoured the system from bios to browser, and found nothing. Therefore he concluded that if there actually was a diary, and he had no reason to think otherwise, it was either on some other computer, her home computer maybe. Or else not on a computer at all. Both of those possibilities led him to a very bad idea. One he had conceived, developed, and abandoned three times already. Was it though? A very bad idea?
   It was. But it was not enough to stop him from opening the company directory on the intranet, searching for the name "Bennett, Abigail" and clicking the avatar to open her profile card, containing contact information such as email address and phone number, birthday (December 5th, 1981), hobbies (crochet, reading, and traveling), and lastly her home address. This was not new information. The difference this time was that he jotted down the address on a Post-It note next to his monitor, and then folded the note and placed the note in his pocket.
   Then he sat there. Not looking at anything. Contemplating. Minutes went by. Then he came to life again, turned off the computer and monitor, made his way downstairs, into the parking lot, warmed up the Jeep, drove out of the technology park, and turned onto 400 south. The highway traffic was sparse. He made good time all the way to Exit 16. About half what it normally took. He watched the green sign for Exit 16 blur past and then refocused his attention on the road ahead, the lane markers reflecting his headlights, the tall road lights bathing the highway in an amber glow, the oncoming traffic, he watched it all and tuned everything else out, including any thoughts that might object to whatever he was doing. And it would not be entirely incorrect to say he did not know what he was doing. Right now inside him there were two very different people, fighting.
   At Holcomb Bridge he drove past the movie theater where they played arthouse and foreign movies and the second location of the Varsity, which had recently shut down. He stopped at a traffic light next to an Adult Bookstore. He looked inside and saw a couple browsing erotic accessories. When the light turned green he went left and entered Morningside, a neighborhood he was somewhat familiar as he had dated a girl whose family lived there in what was to him a mansion. They used to walk to the Ansley Park and make fun of the speedwalkers as they sped-walked. That was a long time ago.
   As he drove through the neighborhood he pulled out the Post-It from his pocket and looked at the address, having to wait until he passed under a streetlight and slowing down to a crawl to be able to read it. He was not too far away. He took a deep breath and reminded himself that this was an experiment. That was all. It was an exploratory experiment and he was not breaking any laws or doing anything wrong. If it turned out the address where Abigail had lived was occupied, well good, he would have satisfied his curiosity and could then drive home in peace. And nobody ever had to know.
   The road narrowed and he went up a hill and turned onto Songbird Lane and slowed down to five miles per hour. He crept along and read the numbers on the mailboxes and oriented himself as to which side of the road he needed to be looking and how far until he reached the address. When he got very near he pulled to the curb and switched off his headlights. There was no streetlight on this block. It was dark except for dim window lights from the surrounding homes.
   It was then that he had a sudden flash of clarity and was taken out of his own head and saw himself as if from above, in the Jeep, on the dark street of a neighborhood of a woman who had killed herself, and realized just how irrational this was. He blamed it on the alcohol from the office dinner added to the sheer exhaustion from overworking himself the past week. He was convincing in his logic. He nearly convinced himself.
   He was on the sidewalk. He stayed low. The last thing he wanted was to be seen. As he approached the address he saw the number 19002 on the side of the house. But the thing was, her address was actually 19002C. He had deduced beforehand that meant this was an apartment of some kind. But looking at the house at the address, a turn-of-the-century bungalow with red brick and white trim, it did not seem to be one. He supposed it could be subdivided. It was certainly big enough. Two-stories. But where was C? Looking closer he noticed a black letter box below the house number. On it was a golden letter A.
   If the front-most apartment was A then it stood to reason C would be around the back. He hesitated and looked in the windows of the house. It was dark inside. There were no cars in the driveway. Returning to A mailbox he noticed junk mail and bills poking out of the top. It was very possible that if someone did live here they were not here now. Still, that did not meant apartment C was unoccupied. He took a deep breath and stepped onto the driveway which led behind the house.
   He could see nothing at all. In the silence he could hear a gentle wind blowing through the branches of the trees overhead. But that was all. In the sky he saw a canopy of stars. There was no moon. After a minute or two his eyes grew acclimated to the darkness and he made out indistinct shapes and silhouettes. But he saw no cars. And no lights in the windows either. He decided to take a chance and switched on his phone flashlight, illuminating a small arc in front of him. At the edge of the arc he saw the back of the house and an enclosed veranda with white siding.
   There was a door. And beside the door another black mailbox with a golden letter C.
   Approaching the door a question posed itself to him, Can a person do things like this? What he wanted was a voice of reason to reassure him, and so there was. "Of course not", the voice said, "Don't be silly. There are laws prohibiting such behavior. Laws protecting the safety of the citizens." But there was another voice, not of reason, or perhaps reason of a different kind. It spoke to him in a whisper, saying that as long as nobody found out, a person could do things like this, sure. And even worse things, if need be.
   The door was locked. Next to the door was a terra cotta planter. He lifted the base of the planter and found the key. Then he used the key to unlock the door and went inside, his heart pounding in his chest.
   The first thing he noticed was the stale air, cold and mildewy. He was not stupid enough to turn on any lights and instead used the flashlight on his phone. That was enough, though the complete darkness outside the arc of light filled him with an unbearable fear. He saw that he was standing in an anteroom next to a coat rack with a pink puffy jacket and a black beanie hanging on it. There was a hallway to his right.
   He continued down the hallway and entered an open space, the living room. It was small, with a couch in the middle, a television on a stand along the opposing wall, and a small dining table in the corner, next to a door he guessed led to the kitchen. There were pictures on the wall. He shone the beam onto them and saw photos of Abigail and her mother, one he noticed from the cruise photo album. In others there were people he didn't recognize.
   Next he entered the main bedroom. It was nearly the same size as the living room, with a small roll-top desk in the corner, a queen bed against the adjacent wall, several pictures on the wall. In a corner he saw a wicker basket with yarn of all colors and various crochet supplies. On the bed he saw an old Cabbage Patch doll. Along the far wall was a closet with a sliding wooden door. It was shut. Something about the door intrigued him. He slid the door open and inside, hanging by a cord from her neck, was the decomposed body of Abigail Bennett. Her skin had peeled away and all the muscle, bone, sinew, and viscera was spiraling inward on itself, perpetually, as if her body had been caught in the gravitational vortex of a black hole.
   He stumbled backwards and fell. The phone slipped from his hand, but it no longer mattered since the entire room and all its contents was burned like embers, a pulsating orange-red glow from within. But he hardly noticed. He could not keep from staring at the body in the closet. He saw the eyes of the body staring at him. Her eyes were black and utterly soulless. A painful cry, shrill and insane, and with no certain origin, filled the room. He covered his ears. One of her arms lifted and pointed across the room. He turned and saw it was pointing at the desk in the corner, which like everything else in the room was radiating from an inner flame. Then the desk burst into actual flames, blue in color, a pillar of which ran up the nearest wall and spread across the ceiling and down every other wall of the bedroom, enclosing him within.
   