
Four

  The clock on the microwave read 3:17 a.m. He filled a glass of water from the sink and sat in the dining room chair and drank, his mouth and throat parched, as if he had crawled across a desert. The apartment was not completely dark, as light from the lamps along the BeltLine filtered through the blinds and turned all his possessions a dim gray color. He sat and reflected. It had been years since a nightmare had disturbed him quite like this one. Maybe not since he was a child. Disturbed was not even the right word. The dream had absolutely terrified him. In fact he was still trembling, fifteen minutes later. But it wasn't so much the imagery of the dream that terrified him as much as the feeling it had given him, a feeling he would describe as malevolence without remorse.
  It was then he realized just how much this woman, or her memory, had gotten into his head over the past week. It had only been a week for God's sake! He knew it was wrong. Maybe this was his conscience finally catching up to him. To pry into the life of a stranger like that, especially one who was dead. He knew better. He was better than that. He should have destroyed the photo albums, the documents, and then deleted her account from the calendar. Day one he should have done that. Yet even now he found himself thinking about the events of the dream. It had been so real. Every detail of it. And without realizing it his mind was going to that place again, wondering what her apartment was really like. If anyone lived there now. And the question that had been driving his curiosity all week, Where was the journal?
  He went into the bathroom, flipped on the light, and washed his face in the sink. After drying off with a hand towel he looked at his reflection in the mirror and noticed a half-open cabinet door in the corner behind him, dark inside. He became irrationally afraid of that small opening and walked over and shut it. Jesus Will, what the fuck is wrong with you, he thought. He needed to get back to bed, sleep it off. In four more hours he'd be headed to the office. There was no chance of him getting a full night rest now, but some was better than none, and with that he returned to the bedroom, got in bed, and pulled the blanket over his head.
  It was no use. He lay there for five minutes, his mind spinning. Once he had read in a book on productivity that if you can't sleep then get up and do something until you are tired, instead of wasting time counting sheep. He knew that was probably bullshit advice. Still, he climbed out of bed and went back into the living room, this time sitting down at his work laptop, which sat on the desk.
  He turned on the computer and opened the Pictures folder. He selected all the photo albums and then dragged them as a group to the recycle bin on his desktop. He then opened the Documents folder and dragged every one of those files to the recycle bin too. Next, he went into the Calendar application and deleted Abigail's account and made sure all entries had been erased -- past, present, and future. Lastly, out of habit, he opened his email client and marked all his unread mail as read. One of the recent emails was from BambooHR, the software his company used for the company intranet. It was spam, marketing some new feature, a desperate attempt to increase user engagement. Whatever. 
  He clicked on the link in the email that opened the site in his browser. He was already logged in and sat staring at the intranet dashboard without really seeing it. Then he clicked on the icon for the company directory. He was interested to see if there really was an entry for Abigail. They had probably removed it as part of the process. There are processes. There have to be. Things in reality are more complicated than they are in dreams. They have to be. He typed Bennett, Abigail into the box and clicked the search button. One result came back.
  Her profile looked much as it had in the dream: email, phone number, birthday (January 26th, 1983), hobbies (scrapbooking, movies, and hiking), and home address. All the same.
  This was unexpected. He re-read her address, 20091C Birdsong Lane, and confirmed that it was the same address he had visited in his dream. He reached for an explanation and the only one his brain could conjure was that possibly he had seen it while scanning her personal documents.
  Fuck it. Just fuck it. Life's too short not to live it, man. Sometimes you got to take chances. Do you want to get to the end of your life and have regrets for the chances in life you didn't take? Thought so. These are the things he repeated over the next fifteen minutes while he put on his clothes, printed out driving directions, grabbed a flashlight and a chef's knife, and headed out the door.
  Traffic was non-existent. Like traveling through an abandoned city. He could change lanes at will. Drive between the lines if he wanted. His mood was strangely euphoric. Perhaps deciding to go through with it had given him a burst of adrenaline. Whatever it was he felt good. And no longer terrified.
  In the neighborhood things looked much as they had in the dream. Empty streets surrounded by trees, few street lights, turn-of-the-century bungalow houses, many of them red-bricked. He drove slowly, creeping really, the overhead light switched on to read the directions. A car with its brights on turned onto the road and came up behind him very close. Then it got frustrated at how slow he was going and jerked the car around him in the other lane. He watched the red tail lights disappear over a hill.
  He came to Birdsong and turned onto the road. Strangely though, the street was on his right, whereas he was sure he had turned left in his dream. He slowed even more and pulled to the curb when he saw a house number that was close. He was disoriented.
  On the one hand things did look much the same as he had dreamed them. Which was odd and were he in a less euphoric mood that fact alone may have given him pause. But as it was he was merely disoriented, because everything seemed backwards. He had turned right. The odd and even house numbers were also on different sides of the street. Still, he was here and could still find where he wanted to go.
  The big question on his mind right now was whether the apartment was occupied. It could be one of those complications of reality that would put a quick end to these shenanigans. He approached house number 20091. There was a street light across the road, which was both a good thing and a bad thing. He got as close as he could and watched the windows of the house. They were as dark as in his dream. He also saw no cars in the driveway, though he couldn't be sure there wasn't one further in the back.
  This was enough to convince him to go further. Every once in awhile he would have a moment of clarity about what was going on and what he was doing and would freak out a little bit. What am I doing here? he thought. And then, You are crazy to do this. You could go to jail. But it soon passed. He pulled out the small flashlight and the knife and carried the flashlight in his left hand, the knife in his right. That felt the most comfortable should he have to use it, God forbid. 
  He slunk along the hedgerow that ran alongside the sidewalk and then crouched up the driveway, all the way around back. It was only once he reached the back of the house that he realized he was taking for granted the layout of things. There was no reason to expect her apartment would be in the back. And yet, he discovered, it was.
  Again things were backwards. The driveway was on the far side of the apartment and consequently the door to 20091C was on the left. There was a terra cotta vase and underneath it was a key. Since there didn't appear to be anyone home, or really living there at all, just based on the condition of the place. There was a steady carpet of leaves covering the porch.
  He unlocked the door, replaced the key under the vase, and let himself inside. It had that same stale smell as he experienced in the dream. There was the anteroom with a coat rack, upon which hung a baby blue puffy jacket and a black beanie. There was a hallway to the left. He took the hallway, shining his flashlight in front of him. It opened into the living room, with the same couch. The same pictures on the walls.
  By now he noticed his breathing had grown more rapid. There was a tension in his throat and behind his eyes. The more things were the same the more disturbed he was. And things were the same, to a degree that horrified him the more he examined it. His brain could conjure no logic to explain this. But it was reality, undeniably, and therefore he accepted it.
  He entered the bedroom, sweeping the flashlight across the room before he actually stepped inside. In the corner was the roll-top desk. Next to it a basket with crochet equipment. On the bed was the cabbage patch doll. All the same. His heart was pounding so violently he could hear it. On the far wall was the closet. He stopped and looked at it.
  He knew he was going to look inside. And so one foot moved towards it. Then another. And before long he was standing within reach of it. Then without giving it another thought he reached out and slid the door open.
  Nothing.
  It was a closet. There were some clothes hung there. Some board games on the upper shelf, along with shoeboxes. But no body. No horrible vision. He recalled her pointing finger and turned and looked at the desk in the corner. It was not lit from within like an ember. It was just an old, wooden desk. He walked over to it and tried the roll-top. It pushed open. The desktop was messy, with pens and papers. He noticed seams in the wood and lifted the lip of the desktop. It raised to reveal a storage cubby. Inside he saw a composition notebook with a black and white patterned cover. On the front of the notebook, in the space provided to write your name, were the words: Abigail's Journal.
  
  Back in his apartment he noticed it was almost six in the morning. Outside the first bands of dawn were appearing on the horizon. Traffic was picking up. In a couple hours he would head to work. But right now there was only one thing on his mind. He set the journal on the edge of the couch and made some coffee. Then he sat on the couch, switched on the lamp, and opened the journal to the first page.
  