
Five

April 9

Mentioned to Dr. Patel that I once kept a diary in high school. He liked that idea. He said it could be therapeutic, writing my thoughts and feelings down on paper. So this is me starting a diary. Woohoo. Still not sure about it and I don't really feel like delving into the abyss right this second, but I wanted to write something at least so I can tell him I'm doing it.


April 10

Today I was pulling out of the Hobby Lobby parking lot, waiting at the red light, and suddenly right in front of me a Honda turning against traffic was t-boned by a pickup truck with a rebel flag in the back window. I mean right in front of me. The windshield of the Honda shattered, the airbag deployed, the woman inside tossed like a rag doll. It happened in slow motion. The shattered glass falling onto the road. The man in the pickup holding his bleeding head. In the aftermath I felt a responsibility. Like these strangers well-being were in my hands. But I was in line at a traffic light. Cars were behind me. The light turned green and I turned wide to avoid the wreckage, drove around the wreckage, and came back home. Did I do something wrong? I can't stop thinking about it. One part of me says no but another part of me says the other part is wrong. I was taught by you that you ought to help people, and I believe that, truly I do. But today I failed to help those people and I know the guilt I am feeling is my conscience. I can rationalize it away all I want and assure myself it was more logical for me to get out of the way, that it might have caused more issues if I had stopped to help. What bullshit. I should have done something. Called 911. Something. But I didn't do a thing. I know I'll remember this day fifty years from now, when I'm old and senile. Maybe on my death bed I'll remember this day and still feel this pang of regret for not acting. If you were still alive I would tell you about it and you would tell me not to worry and then hug me to sleep.

  
April 16 

The Lexapro is starting to work. Dr. Patel said it might take up to two weeks to get the full benefit, and so far it's only been a week. Anyway, I'm finding it easier to sleep at night so that's good.
  
At our appointment I mentioned I started this diary. He was glad. He asked what I had written about so far and I told him about the accident at the Hobby Lobby. How it made me feel a lot of guilt. He reassured me and told me that what I felt was very common and nothing to worry about at all. It even has a name, the Bystander Effect. He said perhaps I could have pulled over to call the police or to check on them, but that what I did was also a perfectly acceptable reaction. Weirdly, just him saying that made me feel so much better. It lifted a weight I had been carrying around all week long. Words truly have the power to heal. It's easy to forget that. But it makes me appreciate this diary and the potential it has to help me.

Dr. Patel asked me to jot down some good memories about my mother. He said "it doesn't have to be all bad feelings, you know" and laughed a bit. I told him I would do that. Just not today. Tomorrow.

  
April 17

3:32 a.m. I woke up feeling like my brain was being electrocuted. Like a zapping sensation. I hope it's normal and that everything's all right. I will call Dr. Patel's office in the morning. I tried going back to sleep but I just tossed and turned. Thinking about you. It went downhill from there. Like a car without brakes. My mind returned to the accident at the Hobby Lobby. I replayed the the event over and over again. The guilt I had felt before returned. I tried to calm myself down and reminded myself about the Bystander Effect and how it was perfectly normal, but there was a voice inside me saying that was a lie and that every man and every woman on this Earth was responsible for every other man and every other woman and that furthermore what we call goodness is in reality not goodness at all but selfishness at the core and that selfishness and not goodness is the lifeforce of the universe and what I did at the Hobby Lobby was only proof of that cosmic reality. No matter what I did I couldn't silence the voice. And I did try. I prayed for it to stop. But the words curled themselves around my mind like a constrictor. I was unable to escape the strength of those words and I was suffocating.

What is the matter with me? Why can't I get over this? I know it takes time and that in some way you never truly get over it. But I need peace. I need a little peace right now. I can't take much more. It's been over a month. You know what I realized the other day? I used to be the one people came to with their troubles. I used to be a source of strength and support for others, and now look at me. Every day I feel like I'm on the verge of collapse. Going to the Post Office sends me over the edge. Shopping for groceries overwhelms me to the point of tears. How will I ever return to work? Or go out with friends? Or get married? Have kids of my own? I am a broken human being. I truly am. I don't know what to do.


April 19

Dr. Patel says the brain zaps are normal and should subside in time. Headaches are also normal. So is lethargy and lack of appetite, apparently. Look at me everybody, all normal over here.

  
April 20

Nobody prepares you for it and I think know why. Because to talk about it is to face it and that can't happen. We live as if the life we're living at this moment will never end and that the people who populate our lives will never die. It's not true, but it's the only way we can get out of bed everyday and open the curtains to let the sun shine into the room. The thing is, you were my sun. The point around which my life revolved, without me realizing it. You were that all my life. And now that you are gone I am driftless, isolated, alone. In darkness.


April 21

Today I was rummaging through the closet, going through some old boxes, and found the doll you got for Christmas of 1985. I had wanted a Cabbage Patch Kid, a preemie with blonde hair. But is was a knock-off. I'm not even sure it has a name. Budget brand. But it does have blonde hair. Anyway, I remember  how excited you were when I was opening the box underneath the  tree, down on the carpet with me, positively bursting with anticipation. And then seeing your heart break every so slightly when I hated it because it wasn't a real Cabbage Patch Kid. I remember you trying to console me, explaining how the dolls had all been sold out and people were selling them on the sidewalks for a hundred dollars or more and you just couldn't afford that right now. But I was nine. I didn't want excuses. I wanted the damn doll! I kicked and screamed and threw the doll into the trash can, like an ungrateful brat. I remember that very clearly. But you must have kept it all those years, hidden away, because it's sitting right here next to me. And it always will. What I wouldn't give to go back in time and do it all over again. I would be so grateful for the doll and hug you and tell you how much I love you. The truth is I'd rather have this cheap knock-off doll from you more than a hundred real Cabbage Patch Kid dolls. I will cherish it forever.

I think about the doll and I think about all those times I took you for granted. I keep going back to one particular evening we spent at home, after an early dinner at the Golden Corral. You were on the couch playing Candy Crush on the iPad. I was in my room on Facebook or YouTube, wasting time. And I take myself back to that evening and I ask myself, why didn’t you talk to her? I could have asked about your day. We could have talked about the really important things in life. The things people never talk about for some reason. Like, were you happy? What was the biggest regret of your life? What were your hopes for the future? I don't know the answer to any of those questions and I would give anything to have another chance to ask you them. But that can never be.

I suppose it comes down to this. You were a precious being, a unique source of light in the world, a soul. To me you were all those things. But somewhere along the way I forgot your true nature. I forgot who you really were. I took your light for granted and regret so much that I did. It breaks my heart. It makes me cry. I'll regret it for the rest of my life. I'm sorry.


April 26

Today I went shopping. I bought a new outfit for work on Monday, a pair of khaki chinos and a mint green seersucker shirt. Debating these cute loafers too. We'll see. Since I left work last month I've lost ten pounds. When I saw how the pants fit in the mirror, I thought damn Abigail, you still got it girl!

I haven't updated this diary in awhile. But you know, it does me good. And I want to keep it going. I have not been in a good place the last couple weeks. I have to admit. When I look back at the previous entries I cringe a little. But it's okay. Like Dr. Patel said, I'm going to have ups and downs. But things are getting better. The Lexapro has really started to work its magic. I've slept really well at night and just getting a full night sleep makes all the difference. It almost works too well. I feel like I could fall asleep anytime I want. But that's okay. Better than the alternative.

Yesterday I had a real moment of joy. The first I can really remember having since before you got sick. I went for a walk at Piedmont Park. The weather was warm and clear. The sun was shining. So many colors. The sky was an intense blue. The trees and grass were vibrant green. The flowers around the pond all shades of pink, purple, and yellow. Families and couples were spread out on blankets all over the hill. So many dogs. I saw an adorable Beagle puppy. He was perfect, like a painting. One day I'll have my own. Believe! But my moment. It happened in the middle of all this. In the middle of the park. All the people around me. I was alone but I didn't feel alone. Everywhere I looked were smiles and laughter. A little boy on a bicycle waved at me and I waved back. I stopped at a food truck on the corner and got a couple fish tacos and a beer. And I sat on the curb and ate my tacos and people-watched and for the first time in a really long time I was just, happy. I was.


April 28

Wow, what a day. I did it though. They can't take that away from me. Chen and the others were very kind and considerate. Tammy came to my desk and gave me a big hug and said "Welcome back, kiddo." Nobody pried into my absence, which I still haven't explained. I don't know. I just don't feel comfortable talking about it right now. Maybe in time.

I found out they had been using my laptop for builds, since my scripts were still there and not on the build servers. That had totally slipped my mind, with everything else going on, and I apologized profusely. They didn't give me a hard time about it or anything. But I guess I know what I'll be working on this week!

At lunch they took me out to PF Chang's. I got the Singapore Street Noodles. Too good!

In the afternoon the entire DevOps team met with the leads of QA and Development and talked about what we could do to improve build and deployment times, since the project has been falling behind schedule. I have to be honest, I tuned out a little. There were a couple glances my way, polite smiles. 

The whole day I get the feeling that nobody knew quite what to say to me. I guess that's my fault for not talking about my absence. For all they know I could have been in a methadone clinic this whole time. I just want things to get back to normal as soon as possible.

All in all, it felt good to be back at work.


April 29

Didn't sleep so well last night. Commute sucked. Today I just kept my head down and re-familiarized myself with the build scripts. The ones I wrote! Funny how that happens. Not much to write about. Pretty normal day.


April 30

Got into it today with Byron. He can be such a smug asshole, I swear. I get tired of the way he invalidates any idea that comes from me or Crystal. You can tell he's the type of man that doesn't think women belong in development roles. And Chen doesn't immediately put a stop to it either. If it doesn't get better soon I'll file a complaint with HR, or go to Pence. It's like every idea we come up with is automatically assumed to be bad, he contradicts us on some stupid technicality, and then we have to convince him otherwise. We're not seen as equals. It never happens with anybody else on our team either. I've noticed that. Only me and sometimes Crystal, whenever she speaks up in meetings, which is not often. I don't know, she's not the kind to make waves. I need to talk with her about it. 

Maybe I'm overreacting. After everything, I feel a change in myself. I feel like I can't deal with bullshit anymore, not at all, sometimes to a degree where I wonder if I'm coming across as hostile. But I'm totally not when it comes to Byron. I would like to smack that fucking grin off his face sometimes.

After work I met up with Rebecca at The Brickstore. We had some drinks and some appetizers. I apologized for not being in touch. She asked how I was doing. I said fine. We made plans to go out Saturday. Not really sure I'm up for that, but she insisted. It would probably be good for me. 

As we were leaving she asked how Melanie was holding up. I told her I hadn't spoken with Melanie since the funeral. She seemed surprised. I never hear from her unless I reach out and I just haven't had the energy. Plus she's so tied up with her own family.


May 1

Another sleepless night. I don't understand it. For about a week it was working so well. Tomorrow I see Dr. Patel so I plan to ask him. Maybe he'll up my dosage. He did say that was a possibility, until we find an amount that works for me.

Work is fine. I'm getting a little heat to port these scripts out to our build servers. Mainly from Chen. I feel like he's probably getting heat from QA and Development. And them from Pence. So it goes.

At lunch I texted Melanie. She didn't text back until this evening. Said she missed me and that she was thinking about me, sissy. Then she sent me a recent pic of her and Grant. Why is it so hard to connect with her? She always keeps me at a distance. Has for years really. She does shit like this all the time, answering my texts very politely, but also not opening a channel for more communication. So it's hard to call her out on it without me looking like an insecure, crazy person. There needs to be a word for this. Wait, I've got one: 

BULLSHIT


May 2

So my dosage of Lexapro has been increased from 10mg to 20mg. We'll see if that's going to help. Dr. Patel is sure that it will. I could use a good night sleep. Today I brought in my diary, at his request, and he asked me to read a few entries to him. I jumped in with both feet and read him some of the more emotional ones. He nodded and gave me a warm smile. I asked him if he thought I was crazy. He said absolutely not. Then he asked me to read him the happy memory of you, the one he asked me to write down a few weeks ago. I told him I never did it. He frowned and then asked me to give it a try. For real this time, he said. I told him I would. So this is me writing a happy memory.

We used to live in Adairsville in a tiny trailer. This was after dad had left us. How old was I then? Seven? No more than that. I remember sitting on your lap and you holding me cheek to cheek. You sat like that for awhile, eyes shut, not speaking, just holding me. Then you asked me what I was feeling. "Warm", I said, not understanding. Then you asked me if I knew what that warmth was. I said no, and you said, "That's love." Then I asked if daddy had broken our hearts and you said yes he had.

But that's not my happy memory.

It was late summer. One of those late summer evenings after the sun has dropped below the tree line and the air has cooled off a little and there is like a pink glow in the sky. The lightning bugs have come out and are flickering above the grass in the front yard. But we are inside the trailer. The front door is propped open with a cinder block. I am on the floor of the living room, lying on my side in front of a box fan near the door. I feel the rough, shag carpet on one side of my face. On the other side I feel a cool breeze from outside. You are in the kitchen, which is open to the living room. You are frying pork chops on the stove. Reba McEntire is singing on the radio and you are singing along with her and slowly dancing as you cook. My attention goes from you to the fan, where I am melting crayons against the spinning hub of the fan blades, and back to you again. In that moment I am overcome by a feeling I wasn’t able to fully understand as a seven year old girl, but do now I think, of home and unconditional love but most of all a deep faith in the goodness of all things.