
Six

May 5

I'm not sure how to begin. I'm still trying to understand what happened to me. Things are very strange right now. But I need to get it down while it's still fresh in my mind. I feel like if I don't I might lose it altogether, like a dream that fades from memory after you wake up. But this was not a dream. You need to remember that, Abigail, if nothing else.

Let me go back to the beginning. Today is Monday. I barely slept all weekend. The Lexapro is not working and I don't know what to do. I tossed and turned. I thought about my mother. Needless to say I've been very tired, a little stressed, easily agitated. Overall not in the best of moods. Because of the way I was feeling I thought about calling in sick to work, but then I remembered there was a scheduled meeting with the QA and Dev leads, as well as Pence, to review the plan we've all agreed upon, come up with a timetable, all that jazz. And I needed to be there. Porting the build scripts to the build servers is a large part of this effort and I feel responsible. So I decided to go in at least until after the meeting, which was at 1.

So meeting. It was me, Chen, Steve, Crystal, and Byron and then Hannah from QA and Dave from Development. We had all sat down at the table with our coffees by the time Pence arrived. He apologized for being late and then asked Chen to start off with an overview, to get everyone on the same page. Chen did that and then we took a short break after Chen observed it may be helpful to have someone from Operations come in to get an idea about how long it's going to take to provision the new servers. 

I don't know why I'm going into all this detail. I just want to make sure I don't leave anything out. I don't want to forget.

James from Operations arrives and he answers all Chen's questions about the servers. And then it comes time for me to walkthrough the new build scripts: what I've had to do in order for them to run on our build servers, which are isolated contexts, the authentication method I came up with, all that technical stuff. Well, the second I get into how I plan to use a token that never expires, to communicate from service to service mind you, and not anything client facing, Byron had to say something. I saw him shake his head and knew he was about to give me shit about the decision.

"Sorry, but that's not a good idea," he said, and then addressed the table, "You don't ever want to use non-expiring tokens. Remember, these are cloud servers, not on-prem. If those servers are ever compromised, and a malicious actor gets access to those tokens, you got a real problem on your hands. At least from my experience."

It wasn't that he was wrong. It was the lecturing, condescending way he said it, not having the courtesy to even look my way. And any other day I would have nodded, agreed to another plan, and let it go. But with no sleep and because this wasn't the first time he's disrespected me like that, well, I lost it. I completely lost it.

"What the fuck is your problem with me, Byron?" I said, "Do you not think I know how to do my job? I don't go around telling you how to do your job."

The eyes of everyone at the table grew wide. All of a sudden it got very quiet in the room. Byron sat back in his chair and held up his hands.

"Hey, I'm just giving y'all my opinion. And I think it's pretty fucking dumb to use non-expiring tokens on a cloud server. And it is. Sorry if you don't want to hear about it."

I then stood up, told him to fuck off and to wipe that smug grin off his face or I'd do it for him, and walked out of the room, slamming the door behind me. I stormed out back and sat on the bench next to the walking path, and I just cried. There was so much anger and frustration and tiredness all together. I couldn't handle it coming out like that, all at once. I was out of control. A few minutes later I got a text from Chen, "pls come see me" and then a moment later a follow up, "its okay".

I went to see Chen in his office, going the long way around so I didn't have to see the others. He asked me if I was okay and I said yes but that I was very tired. He told me I should just go home and get some rest and not to worry about anything. With him being so nice I started to feel bad and I apologized. He said it's okay, Abigail. We all have bad days. Get home and get some rest. We'll talk tomorrow.

It was after 3. I got into my car and drove, and drove, and drove. My mind was a blur. I couldn't focus on anything. Even when I looked at things I didn't really see them. It was like I was in a tunnel, disconnected from the objects around me. As I drove I thought about everything that had happened, all the times Byron had undermined me, and my anger swelled. I started cursing him out inside my car, saying hateful things, even violent things, to an imaginary version of him.

I drove into the city, not knowing where I was headed. It wasn't even a decision to drive into the city. I was following whatever road kept me moving with the least amount of friction. If it was easier to turn left at this intersection, I turned left. If there was less traffic on that exit, I took it. Before I knew it I was in midtown. By now it was nearly 3:30 and the afternoon traffic was getting heavy. Still more turns and I found myself in a small residential neighborhood, with crooked sidewalks and narrow streets. A lot of trees. At a traffic light, on the corner, was a man.

He was dressed in a dark suit, shabby and ill-fitting. He wore a fedora with a tear on the brim. He saw me at the light and approached, waving at me from a distance, wanting to catch me before I drove off when the light turned green. When he reached the passenger window he motioned for me to roll it down, which I did, out of politeness. I was not afraid.

"Hey there, ma'am," he said, clearly nervous, "Please tell me you're going downtown. I could really use a ride."

He held up his hands as if in prayer. I noticed then that he was a black man, but his skin was white, his curly hair blonde. For a moment I considered telling him that I was going the other way, but I didn't. It had something to do with the way he was looking at me. He had these piercing blue eyes. He wasn't handsome. That's not what I mean. He looked as if he knew me, that he somehow understood me. And I guess I'm in need of some understanding right now, because I unlocked the door and told him to get in.

By then the light had turned green but there was no traffic behind me. He got in and held out his hand. I shook it, feeling rough callouses on his palms. He told me I better get going before the light turned red, and so I did. I asked him where he was going and he said he was supposed to meet his brother at a barbecue joint up on Briarcliff. He spoke strangely, very ghetto but trying hard not to sound ghetto, if that makes sense. As if he wanted me to think he was more sophisticated than he was. I needed his help to find the place he wanted to go, so he pointed out turns and I followed them.

Writing this, it occurs to me just how crazy it seems. Why on Earth would I give a ride to a stranger like this? In a neighborhood I'm not familiar with. It's not something I would ever do, or have ever done before. I don't have an answer, except that in the moment it didn't feel unusual at all. It felt normal. And safe. And my state of mind at the time was such that I honestly didn't care if it wasn't.

He told me his name was Rabbit, like the bunny, and made his hands into two little paws tucked against his chest. He put out his front teeth and made a gnawing sound. Then he laughed. I told him my name and then he went into what I would describe as a rehearsed speech. I'll paraphrase it here. It's hard to capture the exact language he used or the vaguely pretentious way he spoke, but I'll try.

"Well I just thought I should tell you my mama is in the hospital. Yes ma'am. She at Grady right this very second. She got cancer of the breast. Stage Four. Doctors say she only has a few weeks left in her. That's why I'm supposed to go meet up with my brother who be stayin in Kansas and he's gonna bring me the money so we can fly our sister down here from Wichita. You ever been to Wichita? That's where I be stayin when I'm not down here. You ever had Kansas City barbecue? Oh man you don't know what you're missing out on. Give me your address and I'll hook you up sometime, next time I'm up there."

The second he mentioned money I knew what was up. I may be a naive white girl from a small town, but I know when I'm being played for a fool. And he was playing me hard, or trying to anyway. As he rambled I just nodded as if everything he said made perfect sense. Even though it didn't. His story was full of these strange incongruities. The logic didn't quite add up. Like, why were we meeting his brother at a barbecue joint on Briarcliff in order to get money to fly his sister down from Kansas? Was his brother unable to buy the ticket himself? And why is his brother at a barbecue joint right now and why does he feel the need to bring up Kansas City barbecue in the middle of all of this? And he wants my address to send me some the next time he's there? What?

But I humored him. I still don't know why. I let him act out this part he was playing and never let on that I didn't believe him. Every once in awhile I'd catch him crack a smile and momentarily reveal his hand. Still, I was not afraid of him. At no point did I feel in danger. But maybe I should have been.

We pulled into the parking lot of this small hole-in-the-wall, a little log cabin with an old, broken sign on the side reading "Manuel's BBQ". But this place looked like it hadn't been opened for years. He looked around and rolled down the window. He called out "Jimmy! Hey Jimmy!" several times. But there was nobody there. I could see that. This was all bullshit. He turned to me and said "I guess my brother done went back to the hospital. Think you could give me a ride over there? I'll give you fifteen bucks for gas."

For some reason I said yes. And I am really wondering why I wasn't more afraid in the moment, with this strange person in my car. He could have raped me. He could have strangled me. There was nobody else around. Jesus, I am not okay to be taking chances like this. This is a red flag, Abigail. You are not well. Maybe I am not well. I don't know. But it's the truth. What I did happened and what happened next also happened. So I'm not sure what to do. All I can think to do for now is to write it down. It seems important.

I agreed to his offer and we got back on the road. He went off on another ramble, this time saying even stranger things than before. At least before they were a single train of thought. A con, but a single train of thought. Now he was speaking in non-sequiturs. Like, we passed a Thai noodle shop and he jammed his finger at it and said almost angrily, "You see that place there? That noodle place. Nobody goes there, I'm telling you. It's way too crowded." And then went on a tirade about how his mama used to force him to eat even when he wasn't hungry, "She used to tell me, Rabbit, son what's better than eternal happiness? Nuthin. But even a carrot is better than nuthin. So therefore a carrot is better than eternal happiness. Now eat dem carrots boy!" And he burst into laughter. He positively cackled, repeating the line, "Now eat dem carrots, boy!" a few times, for my benefit I guess. But when he saw I was looking at him like he was crazy person he collected himself a bit and said, "Don't pay me no mind, ma'am, don't pay me no mind. Sometimes my brain just got a mind of its own. You know what I'm sayin?"

A few moments of silence went by and then he started telling me the story again how his mama didn't have much time left. He repeated everything he had told me before, down to the phrasing: "She at Grady right this very second. She got cancer of the breast. Stage Four." He repeated what he said about flying his sister down from Wichita, but this time left out the part about his brother. I tuned him out after awhile. We weren't far from Ponce de Leon, so I knew we were close to Grady Hospital. But then I caught what he was saying, "All we need is a few hundred dollars, that's all, and we can fly her down to be with her. Comfort her. She's my mama's only daughter, you know, and she's my sister's only mama."

He looked at me, expectant. It slowly dawned on me that he was asking for money. Just like I knew he would. But the weird thing is, now that he was asking, I don't know quite how to say this without sounding crazy. I wanted to give it to him. I really did. Just to see what would happen. It was like I was outside my own body, looking in through my eyes, but not really there. Not really in the car. This was a movie I was watching. And I wanted to see what was going to happen next in the movie. I spotted an ATM at a gas station and pulled in. My daily limit is $500 so I got out that much, handing it to him when I got back into the car. "Bless you, ma'am," he said with a sincere smile, "This will mean so much to my family."

By now it was after 7 and the sun was dropping. We pulled onto Ponce and a few blocks later he pointed to a McDonald's on the left. The golden arches were brightly lit. He told me to pull into the parking lot and drop him off. He said he'd get a ride to Grady from there. I didn't argue. I pulled into the turning lane, waited for an opening in the traffic, and turned into the lot. I came to a stop at the side door and asked him if this was okay. He opened the door and halfway stepped out, "This'll do just fine," He said, "Bless you, ma'am." And I looked him straight in the eyes and repeated his words back to him, "Bless you, Rabbit." He grinned at me and and shut the door. Then he went inside and I lost track of him.

But I wasn't satisfied. I circled the lot and found a hidden spot near the garbage dumpster, where I could still see the door, and waited. Maybe fifteen minutes later he came out, carrying a sack and a drink. I sat up and kept an eye on him as he walked across the parking lot and went around back. Here I had a choice. I could have done nothing, driven home, and forgotten about the whole thing (minus 500 dollars), or I could see where he was going. And curiosity got the better of me, because I pulled out of the spot, turned off my headlights, and slowly creeped along, doing whatever I could for him not to see me. When I got to an area where I could see better I stopped. I saw him standing near a fence, eating some fries and smoking a cigarette, the sack and drink on the ground next to him. He was alone. Once finished he tossed the box into the sack, ground his cigarette underfoot, and walked straight through a broken section of the fence behind him, into the woods.

That was bizarre. I have to admit. I was not expecting that. And here is the part I was dreading to write all along. Everything else was context, to methodically document my steps throughout the entire day, so that I know exactly what happened and when, in case it becomes important in the future. I'm afraid of what it means. For me. I'm afraid I won't be believed. But it happened, and right now that's the most important thing. Abigail, it did happen.

I followed him. I must have been temporarily insane, but I followed him into the woods. Just like in the car it was like I was watching a movie, through my own eyes. Of me seeing him disappear through the opening. Of me getting out of my car. Of me approaching the fence, noticing the sack and drink on the ground, the cigarette butt. What did I hope to find?

The woods were dim. The light that remained shone through the leaves and between the trees. There was a path that led to a clearing and I followed it. I went slowly, stepping as cautiously as I could over twigs and leaves on the ground, but otherwise quiet. The only sounds were the buzzing and chirping of insects, crickets, and in the distance, traffic. Rabbit was nowhere to be found. It was like he dropped off the face of the Earth. I can't say that I was very afraid, out there, though I know I should have been.

In the clearing I came upon the remains of an abandoned railroad track, mostly covered up with grass, rocks, and deadfall. It was rusty, the wood rotted. There were loose spikes all over the ground. I remember thinking that I should turn back. It was getting late and even if there were no rapists or murderers out here, I could get lost and not be able to find my way out again. I looked behind me and no longer saw the light from the McDonald's. From here I could hear no traffic either. It wouldn't take much to become disoriented. Using a few railroad spikes I crafted an arrow on the ground, pointing in the direction I had come from. Afterwards, I started to follow the tracks in the direction that seemed the easiest to traverse.

I walked for a long time. It felt like a long time. It's hard to say how long it was. And suddenly, between the branches of the trees in front of me, I saw bright lights. I came out behind a building of some kind. At first I thought it was a warehouse, having a loading dock, garbage bins, piles of cardboard boxes. But then I noticed stenciled words on the side of the sliding door near the covered ramp: Kroger Loading Area. Somehow I had hiked through the woods all the way from the McDonald's to the Kroger's on Ponce De Leon.

I was relieved and came back to my senses. I decided it would be much safer to go back using the sidewalks instead of through the woods like a crazy person. But then, sitting on steps which led to a door, I saw Rabbit! He was smoking and didn't see me, thank goodness. By now it was pretty dark. I crouched behind a large electrical box and watched him. Then he stood up, ground out the cigarette, much like he had before, and went inside.

Because this was an operating business, and it was open, I felt somewhat emboldened. It occurred to me that I could even confront him about the BS story he had given me, the five hundred, assuming others were around. Did he work there? I still don't have an answer to that question, because when I eventually went inside myself, and I did, what I found was nothing like what I had expected.

It was a room. Not very big. Not very small. The room was lit but the light source was not apparent, a diffuse light that filled the space. There was nothing inside the room, that I could see, except for a man who was standing in the middle of it. He was an old man with wrinkled skin and threadbare clothes. When I entered he looked up, acknowledging my presence with a nod, and then a smile.

"Where are you hurting, Abigail?", he said.

He knew my name. He seemed to know everything about me, I later learned. Not knowing how to answer his question I asked him a few questions, like who he was, did he know Rabbit, did he work for Krogers? His answers were succinct: Only a man, Yes, and No. I asked him what he was doing there, alone the room, and he sighed and gave me the warmest smile I can remember. He said, "I am waiting". And then I asked him what he was waiting for and he said, very kindly, "For you".

You would think I would've been freaked out by all of this. You would think that and yet I wasn't. It felt fine. Even normal. When I looked at him I saw someone who understood me on a level I don't think I've ever been understood. And for that reason I knew I had nothing to fear from him. There didn't seem to be any expectations for him or from me. After some moments of silence between us, which passed without any awkwardness, which is unusual with strangers, he repeated the question he had asked me when I first entered the room. This second time I really looked at him. I was looking for any hint of insincerity or irony, it was such an odd question to ask someone you just met. But there was none. All I could see in his eyes was a tenderness I find very to convey with words. I walked up to him and he opened his arms and then he embraced me. He held me, and I cried. No, I wept. And I didn't stop. It was the first time since I can remember that I had felt real compassion and human touch. I let everything go. I told him everything and he listened to every word. But the strange thing was he already knew about my mother, my depression, my job. Like I said before, he seemed to know everything about me. And then after, I left and followed the sidewalk on Ponce de Leon back to my car in the parking lot of the McDonald's.

Now I am back at home, re-reading this entry, and questioning everything. But it happened. I can't stop thinking about the man in the room. I have many questions. But I know a couple things. The man *lives* in that room behind the Kroger on Ponce De Leon. He lives there, and he never leaves. Don’t ask me how I know that. But I do.

