
Seven

  He looked up from the composition book. The time on the clock was nine fifteen in the morning.
  
  Within ten minutes he was in the Jeep weaving through traffic on his way to the office. Eyeballing the road, he sent Chen a quick text that he was on the way, and a few minutes later received a thumbs-up reply. The good thing was he missed the morning congestion and it only took him 30 minutes instead of the usual 45 to make it up Highway 400 to Exit 8. On the passenger seat was Abigail's diary. For some reason he didn't want to leave it behind.
  The Jeep lurched into its regular parking spot at about 10:20. He shouldered his laptop bag and did a fast walk through the parking lot into the building. By the time he reached Conference Room C the daily standup meeting was nearly over. Pence was on the big screen TV, listening intently as Chen stood and explained some logistic hurdle regarding the cloud move. The others gave him a desultory glance and then returned to Chen. He yanked the computer from his bag and turned it on. Without missing a beat, Chen turned to him and asked if he had an update on the migration scripts they planned to use to convert the existing build system over to the new.
  "Yep," he said, "I've got it pulled up right here. I'm happy to share my screen and run you guys through the process, just so we're all on the same page."
  
  An hour later he was in his cubicle. He had been asked to focus on getting the migration scripts ready before the end of the day. Distracted, he was not sure he could realistically get it all done, but he already promised, and Chen was in the process of arranging folks from Operations to run the scripts this evening. Distracted? He was consumed. At no time during his mad commute to the office this morning, nor during the Build team meeting in Conference Room C, nor even now at his desk, was Abigail's diary and the things she wrote in it not at the forefront of his mind.
  What had it all meant? McDonald's, the woods, Kroger, the man in the room. He wondered if anyone else had even known how fragile her state of her mind actually was. To hallucinate such things, and then to write them all down in such detail, and with apparent sincerity. It was likely nobody had known. He felt sorry for her and it made him sick to think nobody had been there for her, in the end. By now he had minimized his work and was on the web, searching the various terms she had mentioned that he was unfamiliar with.
  SSRI antidepressant. Medication used to treat anxiety as well as depression. He scanned the list of typical side effects and found some relevant: racing thoughts, unusual risk-taking behavior, feelings of extreme happiness or sadness, sleep problems, brain zaps, vivid dreams. But most of these would also apply to anxiety and depression, so how would you know for sure?
  The Bystander Effect, or bystander apathy, a social psychological claim that individuals are less likely to offer help to a victim when other people are present; the greater the number of bystanders, the less likely it is that one of them will help. Several factors contribute to the bystander effect, including ambiguity, group cohesiveness, and diffusion of responsibility that reinforces mutual denial of a situation's severity.
  Yet his most interesting discovery came when he entered the phrase "Kroger on Ponce de Leon", hoping to find directions. Bizarrely, this grocery store had entire websites dedicated to it. It even had a Wikipedia page:
  
"The Kroger supermarket at 725 Ponce de Leon Avenue has been known as the Murder Kroger for decades. Despite ongoing development in the area, the macabre moniker has been described as the nickname 'that just won't die'. The store opened in the 1980s. Since then, two fatal shootings and the finding of a corpse have occurred in the parking lot outside the store. In 1991, a 25 year old woman was shot and killed. In 2002, the malodorous corpse of a man was found inside a car..."

  It was lunchtime. He received an instant message from Byron asking if he wanted to grab lunch in the cafeteria. He declined, saying he had some errands to run.
  He drove into the city. The weather was clear and cold, the sky bluish-gray, the high cirrus clouds obscuring the midday sun. The traffic was steady, slowing down as he approached the perimeter. It took him about forty-five minutes to reach Ponce de Leon. He turned onto the road and kept an eye out for the Kroger. Half a mile down he passed a McDonald's and a few blocks after that he saw the Kroger sign, and turned in.
  He parked at the rear of the parking lot, nearest to the road, next to a liquor store with a green overhang. The Kroger was at the back end of the parking lot, on a slight downward slope, so that to approach the entrance you had to descend. As he got closer he could tell the store had seen better days. The paint on the building was faded yellow, chipped in places. Out front a haphazard arrangement of shopping cart was blocking one of the exits. To the left the asphalt continued around the building. He rounded the side and saw a sign with the word "Deliveries" and an arrow pointing in the direction he was going. It did not take him long to reach the back.
  He saw a trailer backed into the dock and a driver sat in the cab of the truck, talking on a cell phone. The wood line was on the other side of a narrow paved alley, thick and seemingly impenetrable. As nonchalantly as possible he put his hands in his pocket and walked the length of the alley, keeping his eyes open for steps leading to a door. But when he reached the other end of the building he had not seen anything like what Abigail had described in the diary. The whole event had likely only happened in her mind. This was definitely a waste of time, to drive all the way down here, but he had to at least check it out. A story like that.
  Up on the dock he saw a door propped open. In the interest of being thorough he decided to take a little peek, see if there were any strange rooms containing strange old men. So he heaved himself up on the raised platform, got to his feet, and then dusted off his jeans. The man in the truck eye-balled him for a second, from the side mirror, but then returned to his conversation. He approached the door and looked inside. There was nobody around. He hesitated for a moment and then stepped through the door.
  A few years back he read somewhere a forum thread on unethical life tips. One of the tips concerned how to safely enter an unauthorized area without being harassed by security. The advice was simple: carry a ladder. Because when you carry a ladder everyone assumes you are working and therefore must have permission to be there, without question. The thing was, in this situation he had no ladder and unfortunately didn't see one he could grab. But, he did see a broom and dustpan in a corner and picked them up.
  The back area was filled with cardboard boxes, empty and filled, wooden palettes with plastic crates of fruits and vegetables, all wrapped in plastic. The area was not very well lit, having a dungeon-like appearance. And it was cold. In front of him he saw a corridor with posters on particle board. He saw a water cooler and a woman came by and poured a cone-shaped cup of water from it, drank it down, and then threw the crumpled cup into a tiny trash can beside the cooler. When the woman met his gaze he turned away and pretended to be sweeping some trash into the dustpan. When he looked back she was gone. 
  He stood up and walked the rest of the back area. He saw no other rooms or doors, just as he expected. But then he passed by a large plexiglass window. Inside was a break room. There were a few tables and chairs, a couple of vending machines for soft drinks and snacks. A group of workers was sitting around one of the tables, carrying on. He noticed one of the workers was a black albino man.
  "Sir, what are you doing back here?"
  It was the same woman who had seen him at the water cooler. She was accompanied by an older man wearing a button up shirt and dress pants. The manager.
  He showed them the broom and dustpan, lamely.
  "Sir, this area is for Kroger employees only. We're going to ask that you to leave the premises immediately. If you don't we'll have to contact the authorities."
  "Okay, okay," he said, hands raised in surrender, "My mistake. I got lost, that's all."
  They weren't having it. The woman gestured towards a pair of swinging metal doors at the end of the hallways, which led into the store. He leaned the broom and dustpan against the wall. Before heading through the doors, he took one last glance into the break room and caught the albino man staring back at him. There was an inscrutable expression on his face. But he alone among the group around the table was watching him.
  He was accompanied him all the way to the automatic doors at the main entrance. He exited and walked to the Jeep, waited five minutes, and then returned through the same automatic doors. He took a shopping cart from the stack and wheeled it inside, pretending to shop for produce. He wasn't sure what he was going to do, or what he was waiting for, but it had something to do with the man. He had to know. He had to make sure.
  He left the produce aisle and walked several others, making sure that he could always see the exit. If it took five hours until the man left work for that day, he was going to be there. His routine became one of looking at items, tossing every other one into the buggy, going to the next aisle over, doing the same, and then turning around and replacing all the items. This was the best way he could think of not to raise suspicion and not end up with a buggy full of groceries.
  It was 3 p.m. He had been shopping for nearly half an hour, and beginning to question if this was a good strategy, or even a good idea at all. What was with him these days, sneaking into houses to stealing diaries, sneaking into Kroger to find mysterious rooms, and now phony shopping, while he waited for an albino to leave his place of work. But then he spotted him at one of the registers, paying for a rotisserie chicken and a loaf of bread, and all those questions vanished from his mind.
  He left the buggy where it was on aisle four and walked around to the entrance, where hopefully he would not be seen. He watched the man go through the automatic doors, waited a moment, and then followed him into the parking lot.
  The man approached a rusted-out Toyota Corolla with a copper wire for a door handle. He placed the groceries into the trunk and got in the car, pulling the door closed.
  "Hey, excuse me. Sir?"
  He approached the driver door as non-threateningly as he could, waving one hand. The man was surprised, but rolled down the window, frowning.
  "Whatchu need, boss?"
  He didn't know where to begin.
  "Well, I was wondering," he said, choosing his words carefully, "Is your name Rabbit, by any chance?"
  "Rabbit?"
  "I'm looking for a man named Rabbit. A friend of mine said he worked here and you, fit the description."
  The man looked at him, puzzled and slightly amused.
  "You saying Rabbit? Like a bunny rabbit?"
  He nodded, and then shrugged.
  "I know how it sounds, but that's the name she gave me. I don't know."
  The man pointed at the badge pinned to his uniform, the word "Marcus Gaines" spelled out in tape letters.
  "Right," he said, "I figured. Sorry to bother you."
  "Naw, you good. Don't even worry about it."
  The man continued rolling up the window. He panicked inside, his chance slipping away.
  "Let me ask you, Marcus," he said, waving to get his attention, "Sorry, real quick."
  The window stopped halfway and the man peered over the glass at him. Agitated. He said nothing. Waited.
  "Sorry, it's just my friend told me she gave a ride to this guy, Rabbit. And supposedly he told her a story about a sick mother up at Grady, and then he asked her for some money. And my friend stopped at an ATM and gave him five hundred dollars in cash."
  "Oh yeah? That's a lot of money."
  "Yeah, it is. But I was wondering, does that story ring any bells for you? Anybody told you a story like that? Like within the last year? Any of your coworkers?"
  The man gave it some thought and then shook his head.
  "Sorry bro, I never heard a story like that."
  "Right."
  With that, the man rolled up the window, backed out of the parking space, and drove out of the parking lot, the busted turn signal blinking as the car turned onto Ponce de Leon and vanished into the stream of traffic.
  
  Back at the apartment he set the laptop bag onto the desk and tossed the composition book on the kitchen table. He texted Chen, lying to him that he got sick over lunch and drove home, apologizing about the migration scripts and saying he'd try to knock out them out by tomorrow. A few minutes later he got a thumbs-up in response and then a minute later, "feel better".
  Then he made pot of coffee and poured a cup without milk or sugar, strange for him. He sat at the table, sipping the coffee, lost in contemplation.
  A few minutes later he opened the diary and flipped to where he had left off earlier that morning. 
  He read on.