
Eight


May 6

Happy. Truly I am. Last night I had the most peaceful sleep, nad only good dreams. Tomorrow I will write more. Today is for me.


May 11

Five days since my last entry. I'm happy to say things are looking up. It's like a weight I've been carrying around ever since my mother got sick last year has finally been lifted. I can sleep normally again. I'm not irritable. Not only do I feel good, I feel free. 

Today at work, I took Byron aside and apologized for my outburst last week. He was surprised, and more than a little skeptical based on his face, but once he saw I really meant the apology, with no excuses or qualifications, he accepted. He even shook my hand! Now we're on better terms than ever. It feels good. I'm happy I did that. There are others I probably owe apologies to. I plan to reach out to them too. Make things right. That's something I saw my mother do at various times in her life, and I want to do it too. It's important. I want to be that kind of person.

As for the events on May 5th, I have to confess I still believe it all happened, despite how insane it sounds, and believe me I know how insane it sounds. Yesterday, at my appointment with Dr. Patel, I thought about reading the entry to him, just because I felt like sharing it with somebody, but at the last minute I decided not to. The thought of sharing it with anybody feels, embarrassing. That's not quite the right word. Intimate is what I want to say, but that also sounds wrong. Let's put it this way: whatever it is, it isn't for other ears. And I'm okay with that. I've replayed the events over and over and over again, in my mind. My memory of the room is clear as water, as is my memory of him, and what he said to me, and did for me. 

It did occur to me that I could always go back there, to the Kroger on Ponce de Leon. Nothing is stopping me from doing that. I could go right now even. And going there would give me the answer, definitively, whether or not it really happened. But I'm afraid. I'm afraid because I genuinely feel better. I do. The superstitious part of me believes that if I were to go down there and discover there really was no room, and no man who lives inside of it, that it would reopen all the old wounds. All the old horrors.

At the same time, I have always been a person who values the scientific method, and not the religion of science or medicine. So I did my own research into Lexapro and other SSRI medications, and I discovered many people have complex hallucinations and delusions while on these  kinds of drugs. It's not just the happy, smiling faces you see on the ads. The drugs may help with your anxiety or depression (or not!). But there are costs. There are side effects. And sometimes the side effects can be more dangerous than the original condition you were treating.

When I told Dr. Patel I wanted to wean off the Lexapro, he was adamant that I shouldn't. Almost angry with me. But what he doesn't realize is that the medication wasn't doing its job. I don't need it anymore and more importantly, I don't want it poisoning my body. It really made me start to wonder, when I saw the look of incredulity on his face. Does he get kickbacks from the pharmaceutical companies for every prescription he writes? Honestly, it wouldn't surprise me.

It's late and I'm rambling. Long story short, I feel good and I'm really happy. Like my mother used to whisper at bedtime, as she gently kissed my forehead, "Goodnight, pumpkin. Sweet dreams."


May 12

What a fun day!

I got to work and Tammy had left a card on my desk, with a gift certificate inside for a crochet workshop at Magnolia's in Decatur Square. I ran to her office and thanked her and gave her a big hug. Then once I got back to my desk I looked up the dates and saw there was one this evening. I forwarded the date and told Tammy I was thinking of going, and she replied, asking if she could come too. I said heck yeah! Then at lunch I mentioned it to Crystal and she said she wanted to tag along. All of a sudden this was turning into a girls night out. Haha.

The class started at 7:30. We decided to meet up at 6 at the Iberian Pig for drinks and tapas, then walk over after. It was crowded in there, so we ended up going to another place I can't remember the name of. We sat outside and ordered margaritas. They were really strong! We got nachos with table-side guacamole as an appetizer. Then some empanadas. Super tasty. I ate and drank way too much. At 7:15 we walked to Magnolia's. Or stumbled, as Crystal put it.

There were about a dozen people in the class. We sat together at a table with a wife and her husband, who did not look like he wanted to be there. He kept checking his phone.

The class was set up to teach us the very basics. We could choose to make a pot holder or a headband. Of course I chose the headband. As did Tammy. Crystal said she needed a pot holder, because one of hers had a burnt hole in it. They provided all the tools and material. It was cool. The teacher had some nice tips. Plus we had Tammy who has been doing crochet forever. She ended up helping the other woman at our table the most.

My headband is pink and looks great. I think I'm going to wear it to work tomorrow, see if anyone notices.


May 14

Last night I awoke and felt my heart pounding in my chest. The pounding was so hard I panicked and stumbled from my bed into the bathroom. I turned on the lights and saw my reflection. I looked so pale, like a ghost. In that moment I remember thinking, "I'm dying. I'm really going to die. This is real. This is how it happens." Suddenly, as I stood there, my heart beat began to accelerate, revving like a sports car, rising and rising, until I thought my heart was actually going to explode in my chest. I gripped the counter and tried to breathe normally, staring into the sink drain. And then finally it did slow back down, back to normal.

I'm not sure what it was. But after that, I must have hyperventilated because I started to feel like I was suffocating. Like, no matter how many deep breaths I took the feeling of suffocation wouldn't go away. And again, that set me off. My pulse increased, until my chest was pounding, and the cycle began again.

This time I went into the kitchen and poured a glass of water. I sat down and drank, the pounding in my ears overpowering, the hand holding the glass trembling. I was scared. I was more scared than I've ever been before. I didn't have time to think about what could be causing this. In the moment it felt like death was imminent. And I wasn't ready for it.

I went to the bedroom and picked up my cell phone from the nightstand and called 911. The operator asked me what the matter was. I tried to be calm and told her, "I think I'm dying. My heart is going to explode. Please send an ambulance. Quickly." She asked me if I had taken any drugs or alcohol. I told her I had a glass of wine at dinner. She asked me if anyone else was there and I said no. She then said someone was on the way and asked if I could stay on the phone until they arrived. I did as she requested and sat on the couch and drank the glass of water, phone on speaker. She asked me questions about my age, where I worked. Then she asked if I had any pets. I think she was trying to keep me calm. That's the only thing that makes sense. Then, about fifteen minutes later, I heard a knock on the door.

It was two EMTs, a man and a woman. The man carried a large bag. The woman asked if I was the one who called 911 and said I was. The operator heard the arrival of the EMTs and said she was going to hang up. I said okay, as if nothing was wrong.

The woman asked me to sit down and took my blood pressure. When the cuff released she nodded to herself and then looked at the other man.

"What is it?" I asked, very worried, and a little agitated they weren't talking to me.

"Well, your blood pressure is very high. Like, stroke or heart attack range. Have you taken any drugs this evening? Alcohol?"

"No, nothing. Just some wine with dinner."

"What about medications? Have you recently started anything new?"

"No, but I have stopped taking Lexapro. That was a few days ago."

They exchanged glances. From that I knew I had made a mistake. But they continued the line of questioning.

"So you were taking Lexapro and stopped. Was that under medical supervision? Did you stop cold turkey?"

I lied. I couldn't face the judgement I already saw forming on their faces.

"My doctor and I agreed on a plan to ween me from the medication. I was feeling okay and decided to skip a few days. It was okay until tonight."

The woman took a breath.

"Ms. Bennett, it is very dangerous to stop taking medication against physician orders."

"Very dangerous," the other repeated.

I nodded, but didn't say anything. They told me they would stay and make sure my blood pressure was coming down. They also said my pulse rate was high, but that could be anxiety. I asked them how common this kind of thing was, and they said it was pretty common.

"Now I feel stupid for calling you out here. I thought I was dying."

"Don't feel bad. You did the right thing. Better to be safe than sorry. And your vitals are dangerously elevated. If I were you I would make an appointment with your doctor and review the plan to ween you from the medication. Don't take any chances, no matter how you feel. These drugs are powerful stuff."

The next time they checked my blood pressure it had come down to a still elevated, but non-critical, level. That satisfied them and they left. I thanked them and apologized again.

I went into the bathroom and took two double my usual dosage of Lexapro. The drug doesn't work immediately like that, it has to build up in your system over time to be effective. But I needed to take something to calm myself, even if it was more for the placebo effect. After that I climbed into bed. It was almost 4.

Once again, I am writing all this down because I don't want to forget the details. Because of what happened later that day. It could all be irrelevant and I really hope that it turns out to be irrelevant. But I want to be sure.

In the morning I made an appointment with Dr. Patel. I explained to the receptionist about the ambulance visit to my apartment, about stopping the medication. She told me she could get me in tomorrow.

At work I took my lunch break and walked to the pond by myself. I had not had much sleep and considered just taking the rest of the day off. But I had missed enough work over the last few months for an entire year. I wanted to show them I was someone to be counted on. That's important.