
Nine

May 16

It's been a very rough few days, but things are finally looking up. They really are. I feel so much at peace within my heart that I just had to tell somebody. Shout it from the rooftops! But it's late now and nobody's around, so I guess I'll have to settle for a diary entry instead. To start, let me go back to the day after my collapse at work.

That morning I woke up early, before the sun was up, and made a pot of coffee. I drank two cups along with a couple slices of toast with butter and strawberry preserves. Well, four slices. I went back for seconds. I was completely famished. Which was a little weird, because I had eaten a very large dinner the night before: a twelve-piece chicken strip meal with four biscuits, mashed potatoes, and cole slaw. That meal is meant for families! But I didn't stress about it too much. I figured it was my body needing fuel to recuperate from the previous day. And from the lack of sleep. That always makes me overeat.

My appointment with Dr. Patel was at noon, so I had the whole morning. I texted Chen that I would be coming in after lunch. A few minutes later he texted back a thumbs up and a smiley face. The rest of the morning I washed clothes, cleaned the kitchen, and caught up on some shows. Then I took a shower and washed my hair, which I had been neglecting all week.

Needless to say he was not happy with me. I confessed all that had happened. Quitting the antidepressant cold turkey, the early morning call to the ambulance, collapsing at work. With each thing I said, his face got redder and redder.

"Why didn't you listen to me, Abigail? I get so tired of you amateur physicians reading nonsense on the internet and deciding you know better than I do."

"I apologize. I resumed the medication. Of course."

"I'm trying to help you, Abigail!"

"I know you are."

"But you're not helping me to help you."

"I'm sorry. I will listen from now on. I learned my lesson. Believe me."

"If you don't, I can no longer be your doctor. That's just the way it is. I can't be held responsible for your recklessness. I won't be."

So, yeah. I suppose I deserved that dressing down, especially considering what happened. Still, I'm not some mindless robot. I don't just do what people tell me to do. I am taking the antidepressant for now, but I still plan to ween off of it. And I think I'm going to start looking for another psychiatrist. I think I'll have to. No man is going to tell me what to do with my body. I'll take his advice, but it's my body.

This is where things got a bit weird. I'm a little embarrassed to write all this down to be honest. Not sure if I want a permanent record for every little thing. But since I'm already writing, screw it.

On the way home from the doctor's office, I got that intense hunger sensation I had felt the other day at the pond. It came on so quickly, and with such a force, that I had to pull over until it passed. Except it didn't pass this time. I'm not sure how to describe the feeling. It feels like a vast opening, or hollowness, inside of me. Like a cavern. The nearest word I can think of to describe the feeling would be "hunger". But that's not quite it. Not quite. I don't think I'm making very much sense, because it did make me hungry. But that was only my body's reaction to it. The only way my body knew how to interpret it, and it did make me hungry. My mouth began to salivate.

A couple blocks from where I was parked, I saw a sign for Golden Corral. That was enough to get me going. I sped over there and went inside. I ordered the buffet and sat down in an unoccupied corner near the back. The waitress brought my drink and told to me help myself.

My first plate was stacked four levels deep: Macaroni and cheese, mashed potatoes, green beans, sliced roast beef, chicken wings, tomato and cucumber salad, two yeast rolls, and cornbread. It was gone in five minutes.

My second plate was stacked higher than the last: Spaghetti with meat sauce, two chicken tacos, hash brown casserole, three pork ribs, a sirloin steak, a green salad with tomatoes, mushrooms, onions, and cheese, topped with ranch. And two yeast rolls. That one took me longer, maybe ten minutes.

Next was dessert. I ate a bowl of chocolate-vanilla swirl ice cream topped with hot fudge and walnuts. I ate a fudge-covered brownie, a large chocolate chip cookie, strawberry jello with cool whip, a bowl of vanilla pudding.

I was full. My waitress had refilled my coke and set down the ticket. But the weird thing is, I didn't feel full. Not at all. When I say I was full, I mean I could tell my stomach was literally stuffed with the food I had just shoveled into it. But the feeling of fullness, that was not there. It was the same hollow feeling, just as intense as before. But I couldn't eat anymore. And I was still hungry. My body was telling me I was hungry. It was like what I imagine going crazy would feel like. It was like going crazy and being helpless to stop it.

I did something I now regret. There were some bathrooms near the exit. I went into a stall in the woman's bathroom and put my fingers down my throat and gagged. All the food came back up, into the toilet. I saw stars at the corners of my eye. I flushed and then did it again. Until all the food I had just eaten was out of me. I washed my face in the sink, rinsed out my mouth with water, and returned to my seat.

Then I went back for more. It became a compulsion. I went into a state of consciousness where I couldn't see anything around me except the plate and where my only thoughts were consuming the food on the plate and going back for more. I was inside a tunnel with only one escape. After three more plates, I even became numb to the taste of the food. But in that numbness I did find some relief from the hunger, finally. 

So I continued. I hate to admit this, but I went back to the restroom two more times, and forced myself to vomit. My throat burned from the repeated exposure to stomach acid. My eyes were red and watery. I felt awful.

At some point I looked up and saw the waitress and someone I assumed to be the manager. The waitress looked at the floor, nervously tapping one foot. The manager was polite but firm.

"Ma'am, we noticed you've been here for two and a half hours. Unfortunately this restaurant's policy prohibits customers from loitering through multiple mealtimes. Because of that we're going to have to ask you to leave. I hope you understand."

That really made me feel like shit. I was embarrassed. I paid at the cashier island near the exit and left. When I got to my car, I cried. Nothing like that had ever happened to me before. I had always heard about eating disorders, where people eat compulsively. I thought, maybe this is how it starts.

My stomach hurt. I had to go to the bathroom but held it until I got home. The rest of the night I had diarrhea. But the hunger was gone. I finished off a bottle of Chardonnay in the fridge to calm my nerves, and went to bed early.

The next day the hunger returned. I took my medication with coffee and two slices of buttered toast. And then on the way to work I went through the Bojangles drive-thru and got two cajun filet biscuits and an order of cinnamon biscuits. The chicken biscuits I ate on my drive, but I carried the cinnamon biscuits  inside and ate them at my desk, along with some black coffee.

During the daily standup meeting, I had to leave for the restroom. My digestive system was not used to all this food going through my body, and it was not happy. Jesus, I hope nobody ever reads this. It's very embarrassing. 

My bowel troubles continued throughout the day, so I asked Chen if I could work from home after lunch. He said okay, but I could see from the look on his face that he was getting a little irritated with all the time I was spending away from the office.

On the drive home I stopped at a package store and bought another bottle of chardonnay as well as a fifth of rye whiskey. I don't like to admit this, I know how unhealthy it sounds, but I was thinking if I could self-medicate with a little alcohol, then maybe I wouldn't eat so much food. If I continued like this I was going to turn into a cow. While in line I caught my reflection in a mirror and noticed how tired I looked, almost sickly.

The rest of the day I tried to get some work done, but as I was also drinking, eventually my mind became so blurred I couldn't concentrate. I was tired. 

I took a nap and when I woke up the hunger was overpowering. I doubled over, clenching my stomach from the pain. In the kitchen I drank some whisky and ate a few pieces of bread right out of the bag. As I stood there, pathetic and without much hope at all, I thought about the man in the room.

It was three in the afternoon. My thinking was, if I left immediately, I could still beat the rush hour traffic. Within five minutes I was out the door and halfway to the parking lot. Within fifteen I was on the bypass. Within thirty I was pulling into the parking lot. I parked on the left side of the lot, in a section that was apart from the main parking area. There was some shade here. I felt more inconspicuous.

Around the building nobody was around. That was good. I half expected to see Rabbit sitting on the concrete steps, as he was before. But he wasn't there, and neither were the steps. My heart sank. I looked around in a panic, feeling disoriented, and tried to remember the layout of things by memory. The covered ramp and docking area was in the same place as it had been. The roll-up doors were closed. The door beside it closed. But all there, just like before. Only the steps and the door were missing. How could that be? I thought, knowing the answer secretly and not wanting to admit it, or even think it.

Before I went back to my car I walked the entire length of thee loading area. About halfway down I found the opening in the tree line, where I had emerged from the woods and saw Rabbit smoking. It was all there, all the little details I remembered. Just not the door to the room. And that made the whole thing much more confusing to me. I didn't know what to do.

I sat in my car and tried to understand what was happening. It was like I was trapped inside my own head and for perspective I needed to pull back in order to see everything from an impartial distance. Everything was the same. All the details were the same. But the door wasn't there. If I assume I wasn't just hallucinating its existence, which I don't even know at this point, then what is the simplest explanation as to why the door is not there. It should be. Things don't just vanish like that. The steps were worn, pitted concrete. The door was painted the same color as the building, faded, chipped, and rusting at the hinges. I could see it all.

Then I remembered something the man in the room had said to me, when I asked a question. At the time I thought he was being glib. But I don't think so now. This was after he had spoken to me, when I was questioning him. One of the things I asked was about the room. "Where are we?" I asked. And he answered simply, but in the abstract (or so I thought): "In a certain place. In a certain time. In a certain orientation."

At the time I thought it was a pedantic way to put it, but maybe that was just his style. Now I'm not so sure. Maybe he was being as honest and straightforward then as he was during the rest of our conversation. That would be the simplest explanation, and therefore probably the correct one. But what could it mean? 

And then I had it. One second I was hopelessly lost and flailing for anything to make sense of it, and the next I was as sure about what was going on, and what I had to do about it, as I was that the sun would rise tomorrow.

I turned on the car, pulled out of the parking lot, and drove a few blocks down to the McDonald's. Near the back, close to the drive thru, I found a place to park and waited three more hours, until the sunlight appeared through the tree line and shone onto the sides of buildings.

It didn't take me nearly as long to traverse the half mile path through the woods, now that I knew where I was going, and how far. I reached the edge of the woods and saw the loading area behind the Kroger, and I saw the concrete steps, leading up to a door. Sometimes I do have my moments.

Just like the other day, the door was unlocked. I entered the room and he was there. He nodded to me, and smiled.

"Where are you hurting, Abigail?"

