
Ten

  The Jeep pulled into a parking spot at the McDonald's on Ponce de Leon. As soon as he switched off the ignition, almost as if it had been planned, the golden arches illuminated and the lights around the restaurant came on simultaneously. It was early evening. About six.
  He had parked at the back, where he had a clear view of the fence behind the drive-thru area. He scanned its length and found the opening about midway. From the glove compartment he pulled a tiny flashlight, nearly keychain-sized, and also a folding utility knife, serrated.
  Then few minutes passed in which he sat and thought everything through. It felt like something he needed to do. This was batshit crazy. What he needed in this moment was a pros and cons list of the facts. To help him figure out if what he was doing was the right thing, or maybe more importantly the safe thing.
  There were pros. Well, one pro. He wanted to understand what had happened to the woman who used to have his job. Abigail. A woman he learned he had things in common with. Oddly so. And one who he had come to genuinely like, after hearing about her from coworkers, seeing (private) photographs, and most of all reading her (private, stolen) diary. What was wrong with liking her? He felt for the tragedy of her life. A part of him wanted to reach out, even across time and space, to comfort her. Also, he was convinced foul play may have been involved in her suicide, if it was suicide. That's what he wanted to know. Needed to know. He felt that it would be honoring her memory to do discover the truth.
  The cons outweighed the pros. One: Abigail was not of sound mind. Therefore her diary is not a reliable source for objective facts about what happened. Example, she wrote about twice visiting an old man inside an empty room behind a Kroger, an old man who hugged her and listened to her problems. Two: Even if everything were true, she is dead and cannot come back. So what does this clandestine sleuth-work achieve, at the end of the day? Three: If you are right and there was foul play involved, then those involved won't appreciate you bringing into the light what they hid in darkness.
  He stepped out of the Jeep, zipped up his coat, pocketed flashlight and knife, and looked around to make sure nobody was watching. There wasn't.
  Next he walked towards the fence. The opening grew larger the nearer he got, and darker. It was like staring into a black hole, though above the fence line he could see the tops of the trees and bushes. Because he had psyched himself up in the Jeep, there was almost no hesitation when he reached the opening, and went through.
  The woods were dark. There was still faint light, through the gaps in the leaves, but not much. He pulled the flashlight from his pocket and turned it on.
  An intense white beam of light revealed the path in front of him. He followed it. After some time he came to a wide clearing, and stumbled over the old railroad tracks. He turned back the way he came and was a little surprised that he could no longer see the golden arches through the gloam.
  He walked for a long time, to the point where he was starting to question whether he was going in the right direction, when he saw light coming through the trees, just ahead.
  He had arrived, and was now looking at the back of the Kroger on Ponce de Leon. The same place he had been not very long ago, in the daylight. Everything was there, just as it had been. The delivery truck was gone. That was different. And the concrete steps, leading to a door. That was different too.
  It was a moment he had been dreading, a moment of reckoning, that would lead him down one path or another, definitively. And, being honest, this was not the path he had expected.
  Even more strange, on the steps was the black albino man, Rabbit (Marcus?). Just sitting there, wearing what he assumed to be the same shabby and ill-fitting suit Abigail had described in her diary entry. He was smoking a cigarette, looking at the ground.
  Fifteen minutes passed, until Rabbit ground the cigarette butt against the pavement and stood up. He removed some kind of chain necklace from around his neck. There was a pendant on the necklace. He approached the door, gripped the pendant like a key, and slid it into a slot in the doorknob. Then he bowed his head and looked as if he were in prayer. A moment later he opened the door and disappeared inside, closing the door behind him, and leaving the pendant key in the doorknob slot.
  It was a chance he might never get again. And he took it. Across the alley, up to steps to the door. He inhaled. Exhaled. Then, turned the knob. It was locked. He tried again. The same.
  "Damnit."
  Seeing the pendant in the doorknob slot, and the chain necklace hanging down, he grabbed it by the point where the pendant connected to the chain and pulled. It slid out.
He rubbed his fingers over the pendant. It was flat and smooth, like a riverbed stone, oblong like an egg, and made of a material he could not place. It was vaguely metallic, hard but more organic. Chitinous, maybe. Etched onto one side was a strange symbol, of geometric patterns interwoven.
Then, he felt a violent thudding against his right temple and his vision went dark. He felt another against his shoulder and opened his eyes. Rabbit stood over him, holding a 2x4, growling at him.
  "Gimme dat key back!"
  He held up his arms in defense. Then scrambled to his feet, falling from the ledge in the process, and hitting the ground with both feet. He took off in a wild, chaotic sprint. He heard Rabbit shouting, running behind, and shot a quick glance behind him. He saw him, brandishing the 2x4 in both hands, his face twisted in rage.
  The edge of the woods was near. He jumped into an opening and ran until he could no longer hear footsteps behind him.
 
  Panic ran down his spine like a spider. Confusion burrowed into his mind like a rodent. He ran, and ran, unconcerned with the direction he was going or where he might end up. Away was his destination. But soon his lungs gave out and he had to rest. He found a large tree and knelt on the ground behind it, and caught his breath. All he heard was the noise of the woods. The rustling of leaves. The whisper of wind through the branches overhead. But nothing else.
  He determined it would be safe to use the flashlight, and pulled his phone from his coat pocket, turning on the intense white light. Immediately a circle of his surroundings was perfectly illuminated, a radius of brush, the trunks of larger trees, on a carpet of dry, crunchy leaves. It was a wonder he hadn't given away his position, stomping through all this. Something in his guy told him Rabbit had not really wanted to hurt him, only to scare him. But why?
  It was too soon for why. He stuffed those questions into a box for later and did his best to keep focused on his current predicament. He was lost. He was cold. He had just been attacked by a man with a large piece of wood. He noticed the hand holding the phone flashlight was shaking and made a concerted effort to calm down. Breathe deep. And think carefully about what to do next.
  He visualized getting into his car and turning on the heater full blast, and then once warm, driving home to his warm apartment and warm bed. Think, he told himself. Think. You want to get back to the parking lot. You ran into the woods not paying attention to what direction you were going, and now you are lost. How are you going to get out of it? How would someone who wasn't a complete idiot do it? Start from there.
  He did this. Intense situations always brought out humor in him. It was survival instinct, he guessed. Inside he was as far from mirth as a person could be. He was scared.
  Use the compass. This idea flashed in his mind and he seized upon it. He opened the compass app on his phone and used it to figure out which way he was facing. Once he knew that he could figure out in which general direction the McDonald's was. And go there. Simple.
  He was facing North, somewhat unexpectedly. That being the case, he needed to head East, based on his knowledge of Ponce de Leon and the general layout of businesses on the road. He found East and began walking in that direction, slushing through a thick carpet of leaves, holding the flashlight as far out in from of him as he could comfortably reach. He wanted no surprises.
  Five minutes later he saw the "Low Battery" alert pop up on the screen of his phone. Fuck, he thought. This was the last thing he needed, another thing to stress about. He quickly came up with a strategy to maximize battery life. He would check the direction he was heading, turn off the phone, walk a few minutes, turn it on and check again. Assuming he could walk a straight line it should work. But immediately his mind started poking holes into the logic and coming up with dozens of variations. Does turning the phone off and on again use up more battery than just leaving it on, but turning off the flashlight? He could also dim the screen. How much further was there to go? He didn't remember walking so far.
  So finally he had to decide on a plan, his original one. He confirmed he was facing East and switched off his phone. Suddenly without the artificial illumination he was plunged back into a darkness even more dark than it was before. It took several minutes until his vision had become somewhat accustomed to it, and even then, all he could make out were layers of shadows, forming a rough idea of any obstacles that lie ahead.
  When he figured five minutes had passed, he turned on the phone, and waited impatiently for it to come on. As the device initialized he noticed his breath was visible against the light of the screen. He opened the compass app and realized to his horror he had veered from East to Southwest. 
  "What the hell?"
  And then it happened. The screen dimmed and the loading indicator popped up. The phone was saving its state. The battery was gone. He watched the spinner, helplessly. Then everything went black.
  He didn't move a single step for minutes. He collected his thoughts and did his best not to panic. As soon as he was able to make out shapes in the woods again, he started walking. His new plan was to walk in a single direction until he came out of the woods, no matter where that was. Then from there he figured it would be easier to find his way back to the McDonald's. It seemed to make sense. But really, even if it didn't, he wasn't sure what else he could do.
  
  At each step he grew more and more certain he was going the wrong way. He had nothing to base that on. It was fear. Despite understanding that, he was sure that soon he would see the lights of the Kroger loading area. And be right back where he started from.
  That didn't happen, of course, but what did happen next was even more disconcerting, and downright strange. It crept on him like an insane wolf. One minute he was absolutely freezing, the drippings from his nostrils frozen on his upper lip. The tips of his fingers and toes throbbing with icy numbness. And the next he was sweating. And not that wintertime skin sweating, underneath the base layer. This was sticky, summertime sweating. He was baking. His hair was wet, beads of sweat ran into his eyes and he wiped them away. He felt like he was suffocating inside the coat, so he removed it and tied it around his waist. He pushed up the sleeves on his sweater.
  Around him the trees and brush grew thicker. He noticed he was no longer walking on a carpet of dry leaves. The ground was soft earth. Soil-like. He was struck in the face by what felt like an enormous frond, having divided leaves and a center stalk. He pushed it aside but encountered several more, until he reached a clearing at which point he stopped and took in his surroundings, paying particular attention to the sounds.
  The sounds were different here. Not the sounds of a winter, not wind through branches and rustling leaves, but insects chirping and buzzing. And birds in the distance, ca-oohing, ye-ipping, and wu-eeting. Probably birds.
  He walked on. It was probably a hundred yards or so, until he ran straight into a wall. He hit it so hard that he bounced off and landed in the grass on his rear, bewildered. In shock. As he was still unable to make out anything more than general shapes in the shadows, he rose to his feet and held out his hands, walking slowly. Soon his palms found the wall. It was cold to the touch, rough-patterned, and like leather. As his hands searched the surface he felt the entire wall heave outward, knocking him to the ground again. It was then he saw the black orb, glistening, watching him from above. 
  Unable to explain and fully aware of how illogical it was, he nonetheless understood that this was a creature who had not walked the Earth for millions of years. Right here, in front of him. And he was not afraid of it.
  He was drawn into its impenetrable gaze. He became lost in the eons that had passed between the existence of the two of them, now existing in the same space at the same time. Or so it seemed. For some reason he questioned nothing. He just accepted it. That seemed to be about all he could do. 
  As he stared into its eye, he noticed a faint blue color, indistinct but there. He stood and moved slowly towards it. The creature did not react or even acknowledge his movements at all, seeming entirely unthreatened. When he got close enough, he realized the blue color was not in the eye of the creature at all. It was a reflection. Then he turned towards the night sky and saw a vast nebula among the canopy of stars. It was a thousand shades of blue, green, and purple. It was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen in life.
  He was mesmerized. He gazed upon the nebula for what felt like hours, though it was hard to tell how long it really was. Time seemed to move strangely in that place. At last the spell was broken when the creature rose to its feet and heaved in his direction, knocking him to the ground yet again.
  He jumped to his feet and seized the moment to run back into the safety of the woods. He ran as he had from Rabbit, with no sense of direction or destination. Just away. And it worked. Once again he was in the woods, in complete darkness. He walked in a single direction for a long time, his mind still bewildered by what he had seen. It felt unreal, like a dream. But it had happened. He repeated that several more times to himself. He felt it was important for his sanity to do so. It was important to distinguish the real from the unreal. Reality from fantasy. Or, it was important not to lose that ability. So by demarcating the events he felt like he was protecting his mind.
  Perhaps the experience Abigail had was similar to this. He wondered if these people, Rabbit, the man in the room, had an ability to hypnotize. It seemed a stretch, and didn't really fit with what happened, especially since none of them were around. Could he have been drugged somehow? Without his knowledge? Many questions arose in his long walk through the dark woods.
  At some point when he wasn't paying attention the weather turned cold again. He became aware of the chill on his face and arms, and put his coat back on. His feet stumbled through a pile of dried leaves. The sweat in his hair froze. And then, between the trees, he saw artificial lights. His pace quickened and the lights grew brighter and brighter.
  It was the golden arches.