
Eleven

  You’re losing it. You’re losing your grip. This is not really happening. This is not reality. Reality is A squared plus B squared equals C squared. Reality is for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. Reality is the total energy of an isolated system is constant and can be transformed from one form to another but can be neither created nor destroyed. Reality is this bed. Reality is this floor. Reality is this nightstand. Reality is this apartment. Reality is this city and the people who live in it. Reality is your car. Reality is your commute. Reality is your job.
  
  It was seven in the morning. He was awake, sitting at the edge of the bed, his feet on the cold, concrete floor. There was sunshine coming in through a window in the bedroom, shining onto the wall opposite him, onto a decorative framed black and white photo of an old bicycle leaning against a fence. Two hours ago he had been startled awake from bad dreams. Since then he had been pacing through the apartment, room to room, processing the bizarre events of the night before. He had eventually returned to bed, but did not sleep, until the alarm went off.
  He went into the living room and turned on his work laptop, sending an email to Chen and the rest of the team that he was taking a sick day, but available via email if absolutely needed. He didn't want to come off as an absolute flake. He was still in that period of time of having to prove himself, despite his recent accomplishments and subsequent recognitions.
  Next, he made a pot of coffee and drank a cup while looking outside at the traffic on the street below, both pedestrian and vehicular. Looking, but not seeing. After some time he turned back towards the kitchen table, where the pendant necklace lay. 
  It was still there. It was real. He had not imagined it. Nor had he imagined the scenario whereby he had acquired it.
  "You're losing your grip," he said, addressing the empty apartment. And he believed that. Whatever had happened to Abigail was now happening to him. Maybe they had used drugs or some mind-altering substance to make him hallucinate. And maybe that's what happened to Abigail. That would make sense. Maybe there was something in the air, back there. Or maybe the 2x4 he was struck with was laced with a drug that can be absorbed through the skin. He was reaching for an answer, and knew it, and was not convinced by these explanations in the slightest. 
  His stomach turned. It was the nausea of dread. The dread of having to confront this new reality. He did not want it. All he had ever wanted was a normal life. The thing was, he couldn't stop now. He had learned too much that was unusual about the last days of Abigail. He felt an obligation to learn the truth and if necessary, inform the police. If there had been foul play he was the only one who had the details to put the pieces of it together.
  Well awake, he walked over to the kitchen table and picked up the pendant and ran it between his fingers, feeling the smooth, cold surface, and the groove of the pattern on the front. Then he set it down again and went to the large window and pulled the blinds all the way up, to maximize the amount of natural light coming into the room. From his pocket he pulled out the cell phone, freshly-charged, and took the best photo of the pendant that he could, making sure to shoot top-down and get the pattern as large in the frame as he could.
  Once he had a picture he was satisfied with he went to the laptop and copied it to the computer. He opened the browser and clicked on the button called Images. From there he was able to drag and drop the picture onto the window. When the photo had been loaded he was able to click on another button, which read "Perform Reverse Search".
  Almost instantly he was taken to a page of search results, displaying a grid of photographic matches to the picture he had uploaded. There weren't many and the majority of them weren't really matches at all. But there was one, not a photograph, but a crude drawing, that matched the pattern on the pendant almost exactly, though nowhere as intricate or artfully done. He clicked the image and it brought him to an internet archive page from ten years ago, a forum thread with the title "[serious] Unexplained mysteries from your own life". He scrolled through the thread until he found the image match. It was from a reply from a user named "throwaway4822".
  
"I've never told this story to anyone before. To be honest I'm not sure I should tell it now, though it's been five years. My guilt over what happened still haunts me to this day. Perhaps this will be my penance. Perhaps telling it will relieve my guilty conscience. I hope so."

"My brother and I used to take a road trip together every summer, just the two of us. It was a great bonding experience for us. The thing was, we weren't exactly the type to go to visit the beach or look at the mountains. Our interests were more esoteric you might say, sometimes even morbid."

"That summer we decided to visit the Winchester House in San Jose, California. It was a house built over forty years by Sarah Winchester, widow of William Winchester and heiress to the Winchester firearms fortune. The house is filled with over a hundred rooms, with windows everywhere, in the floors and ceilings, with doors and stairways which circle back on themselves or open into brick walls. Legends say Sarah Winchester believed that if she ever stopped construction, it would anger the restless spirits of the house, who were the victims of the guns the company produced."

"The house was quite far from where we lived, and was going to be a week-long trip. But my brother had read about the house in a magazine with all kinds of descriptions and photographs, and had become obsessed with it."
  
"We left on a Tuesday and arrived in San Jose early Saturday morning, exhausted but very excited. We had breakfast at a diner and got to the Winchester house around lunchtime, just in time for the guided tour at 1 p.m. Ours was a large group of maybe sixteen people. So it was easy to hang in back and take our time going through the rooms. In one room, my brother saw an open door leading to a hallway and indicated to me that he wanted us to break off from the tour and explore on our own. I was hesitant at first, but seeing the look of joyous mischief in his eyes, I decided what the hell. You only live once."

"The house was a maze. After going through one door into hallway, which led to another door, and then another, we got completely turned around, and lost. I wanted to turn back, but my brother insisted that we should keep going forward, his idea being that eventually we'd reach the edge of the house. I reluctantly agreed. Next, we entered a long hallway with a window at the end. The window opened into a darkened room without any other entrance that we could see. My brother dared me to climb through the window, so I did. A few moments later he climbed through too. In the blackness we thought we saw the faint outline of light coming through the bottom of another door, up a few steps. My brother pulled out his Zippo and flicked it open. The small flame danced in the darkness, provided us with some light." 

"We approached the door. Carved into it, using very crude and shaky lines, was a bizarre, geometrical pattern, impossible to describe in words. I have since drawn it from memory. This is what it looked like, approximately."

  And there it was. The same pattern from the pendant, or an amateurish attempt at it, though not nearly as complicated or symmetrical as the real thing. Through his mind went many thoughts. Then he downloaded the picture, and kept reading.

"I wanted to turn back and begged my brother to come back with me. He refused, saying I was a coward and there was nothing to worry about. Well, I never could deal with being called a coward. It's a deficiency of my personality, I guess. I told him okay, but he had to go through first. He agreed."

"He turned the old doorknob and pushed the door open, and we couldn't believe what we saw -- a vast desert landscape in the middle of the night, with a full moon overhead. Instead of closing the door immediately, my brother stepped through the doorway onto the ground and motioned for me to join him. I should have said no. I should have waved my hand for him to come back. But I didn't."

"We took in our surroundings. It was only after a few minutes that we turned back to the door and saw that it was gone. The house wasn't there either. All we could see were dunes and endless stretches of plains, in every direction."

"My brother and I both panicked. It was cold and we had nothing to eat or drink. In the distance, very small, we saw what looked from here to be another door, and decided to check it out."

"An hour later we reached the door, and it was a door, without anything else around it. My brother reached for the knob and turned it, but it was locked. There was another kind of pattern on this door. One so intricate I won't even attempt to draw here. The door and the pattern filled me with dread. I asked my brother if we could go. I think he was thinking the same as me, because he said yes."

"Scanning the horizon we found other doors, and spent the remainder of that first day walking to them. Each door was more strange than the last, made from materials we didn't immediately recognize, some metallic, some earthen, some liquid, and some a material we have no reference for at all. On each one was a different pattern, more complicated than the last. And they all were locked."

"On the side of an enormous dune we found a small ingress, narrow enough for a human being to crawl inside. The entrance was surrounded by hewn stones. Since we were getting colder by the minute, we decided it may be a good idea to see if this was some kind of shelter from the elements. Turns out it was a small domelike structure, built with the same stones that lined the entrance. The ground was hard but we were so tired by that point it didn't matter. We slept."

"Next morning I woke up before my brother. I had to pee and crawled outside. The sunlight was already overwhelmingly hot and bright. I peed into the sand and then covered it up by sweeping my foot back and forth. Then, at the top of the nearest dune, not the largest, but a smaller one about fifty yards away, I saw a pale man wearing a dark robe."

"I waved my arms and then cupped my hands around my mouth and yelled. He faced me, but then turned and disappeared over the other side of the dune. I wanted to get my brother, but I was also afraid to lose the chance to learn something about this place. So I ran up the dune as fast as I could. By the time I got to the top I was utterly winded. I put my hands on my knees and caught my breath like a dog. From this height I could see for a mile in all directions. There were doors everywhere. Of all shapes, sizes, and materials."

"Then I saw him. The pale man in the robe. He was walking, not very quickly, towards a nondescript door maybe a quarter of a mile away."

"I nearly tumbled down the other side of the dune, following him. Along the way I shouted, trying to get his attention. And after ten minutes or so, when he had just about reached the door he was walking towards, he turned to me."

"He introduced himself, in a polite way, and told me he was a Doorkeeper. I told him the story of what had happened to my brother and me, but he already knew. He smiled and gestured to the door behind us."

"Is this the door you came through? He asked."

"And it was. I was so happy. He then told me then I was free to walk back through the door, and it would take me back to the Winchester House, just as if I had never gone through it. But only one person can ever go back through. After that, the door would vanish forever. So I had a choice. Or choices. To leave my brother here and return home. To remain here and allow my brother to return home. Or to remain here with my brother."

"Now you know my story. Now you know the choice I made, and the guilt I now carry, and will carry with me, forever."

Below the story people had responded:

"Fake"

"GTFO with that creepypasta BS"

"This was thread was marked [serious]. Please follow the rules of this forum (stickied at the top) or you will be banned."

"Nice try. This is old creepypasta from Usenet. Kthadras Society nonsense. At least be original next time."

  None of this surprised him. You couldn't believe anything you read on the internet. But a few details in the story were too specific to ignore. Too similar. The pattern in the drawing in the story was identical, or near enough, to the one on the pendant. It involved a setting with a bad history. It also involved a door. And strangest of all, a pale man. Though implausible, all these details combined was too much of a coincidence.
  Kthadras Society. What the hell did that mean? 
  He opened a new browser tab and ran a search. Though just as before there weren't very many results. What did match were a handful of sketchy conspiracy theory websites and blogs. He found one that looked the most credible and clicked on it.
  The site was crude. Its background was black and the bright green font almost unreadable. On the home page was a simple list of conspiracy theories, in no discernible order, in all cap letters:
  
NEW WORLD ORDER
ANTICHRIST
ILLUMINATI
9/11
ARTIFICIAL DISEASES
GLOBAL WARMING
FREEMASONRY / ILLUMINATI / K'THADRAS
JFK ASSASINATION
SUPERVOLCANOS
BIGFOOT / CHUPACABRA / LOCH NESS MONSTER
PROJECT SIGN, GRUDGE, BLUE BOOK (UFO, UAP)
GEORGE SOROS
CHEMTRAILS

  He clicked on the link and was taken to a page with a huge title:

FREEMASONRY / ILLUMINATI / K'THADRAS

With the subtitle:

SECRET SOCIETIES THAT CONTROL THE WORLD

  At last he found the link to the page called simply: K'THADRAS. He clicked it and was taken to a page with the following information.
  
Not much is known about the Adherents of K'thadras. We do know they refer to themselves as Adherents. We do know they congregate around locations that have a history of violence, madness, or moral decay. But after that, we enter a realm of speculation and theory. To answer the question most of us have: What is K'thadras? The only information we have comes from a thesis by Susan Burrows, Professor of Anthropology at Saint Anselm College in New Hampshire. Dr. Burrows specializes in the history of occult religion. Her seminal thesis from 1982, "The Origin of Esoterics", established a framework connecting occult belief systems to major religions, philosophies, and governments of civilization, throughout history. In this paper we have the first recorded mention of K'thadras, only a single sentence, in which she describes it to be an ancient being which hibernates deep within the planet Earth, having been there since the formation of our solar system, 4.6 billion years ago.

Since the publication of TOoE in 1982, and a growing interest in the group, Adherents of K'thadras have been reportedly sighted at multiple diverse locations ranging from caves in Antarctica to rainforests in the Congo. Below are photos that were taken in 1983, outside some Anasazi ruins in New Mexico:

These images were grainy, black and white, photographs of a dozen or more people wearing dark robes, carrying large crates and other metallic objects up a ladder into a pueblo structure. It was impossible to make out specific details. Below the images was a disclaimer, written in italics:

The photographer, a veteran named James Mayfield, was found dismembered and disemboweled not long after these photos were published. He was found by his wife, buried in a shallow grave outside their home in Santa Fe.

  There was nothing else. He bookmarked the page and ran a search for "The Origin of Esoterics" by Susan Burrows. It had long been out of publication, but he did find a PDF scan of it on another conspiracy theory website. He did a text search and found the single sentence referenced by the other site. It said exactly what the site had quoted, and nothing more.
  He then ran a search for Susan Burrows and found her profile on the staff directory at Saint Anselm College. There was even a photo of her. She looked to be in her late fifties, possibly early sixties, with long salt-and-pepper hair, and a beaded necklace made of wood. There was also an email address. He copied the address into a new email:


To: susan.burrows@anselm.edu
From: thesantiagodog@gmail.com
Subject: Question about a pendant
--------------------------------------------------------

Dr. Burrows,

I hope you don't find this email too forward. If so, I apologize in advance. This is a shot in the dark, but at this point I'm not sure who else to ask.

As briefly as I can, I recently came across a pendant with an unusual pattern engraved upon one side. Scouring the internet for a match brought me indirectly to a thesis you published in 1982 called "The Origin of Esoterics", specifically a line in your thesis where you mention an occult group that worships a being named K'thadras. Can you take a look at this pedant to see if you recognize the pattern on it? And if you do, is there anything you can tell me about it? Anything at all. Thanks for your time. Please find the photo attached.


  After sending the email he minimized the browser and went into the kitchen to pour a fresh cup of coffee and toast an English muffin. Not five minutes later, as he was just sitting down at the kitchen table, he heard the familiar chime of a new email arriving in the inbox. He went to the computer and opened the browser window, standing behind the chair. It was a response.
  
  
To: thesantiagodog@gmail.com
From: susan.burrows@anselm.edu
Subject: Re: Question about a pendant I found
--------------------------------------------------------

Call me. 603-641-2284


  He sat on the couch near the desk, the phone was pressed to his ear. It was ringing.
  "Hello?" said the voice on the other end, feminine with a faint midwestern twang.
  "Hi, is this Susan Burrows?"
  "Yes it is. Are you the one who just sent me the email?"
  "That's me," he said, "Thanks for getting back to me so quickly."
  There was a delay. He could hear some noise in the background. Static.
  "Sorry about that, went through a bad spot. I'm driving to Wisconsin at the moment, of all places."
  "No worries. I was just saying thank you, for the quick response."
  "Oh, no need to thank me. Thank you for saving me from boredom. I saw your email pop up on my smartphone. I don't normally read emails while I'm driving, but the subject line was so intriguing, and then the photo of the pendant. I have a lot of questions."
  "So do I," he said, laughing.
  "Well I guess you do. Now where are you located? And who are you? There were no details in your email."
  
  He apologized and explained to her who he was and where he lived, and then gave her an extremely truncated version of the events which led to him acquiring the pendant. Once he was finished telling her the story, she broke in immediately, as if she was barely paying attention, and waiting for her chance to speak.
  
  "Okay, now this is the weirdest thing - but you get used to weird when you study the occult for as long as I have. Myself and a group of colleague are in the middle of a promotional tour for a new book we all contributed to. What I wanted to say was this. Next week we'll be in your neck of the woods, on the 8th, speaking at a place called The Goat Farm, if I remember correctly. Do you know it?"
  "No, never heard of it. Sorry."
  "Well, you can look it up. Anyway, my thinking was this. If you are interested, you can attend the lecture and afterwards we can sit down to discuss the pendant you found, because I have seen that pattern before, but I'd like a little time to do some digging on it, before I say anything definitive."
  "Well that would be great," he said, "I'd really appreciate that. Thank you."
   "As it happens, my contribution to this book is a chapter on the Adherents of K'thadras, which I noticed you mentioned in your email. That's also the subject of my talk. Spooky, right? I tell you, I've gotten more letters and phone calls and emails over the years about that one line from my thesis, than almost anything else I've ever done. It's depressing really. But the idea does capture the imagination. The idea of a secret order worshipping an alien being who lives in the center of our world. When my thesis was published, I had a few encounters that frightened me away from writing anything else about them, for decades. But then, last year, when they approached me about contributing to this book, I knew it was finally time to put everything I had out there. For the record. I'll be seventy-four years young this July, so frankly I don't give a shit anymore. I don't have anything to lose."
   She stopped speaking and it got quiet. Her words hung in the air for an awkward moment, but then he spoke.
   "Well, I'm definitely going to come. And I'd love the opportunity to sit down with you, to discuss things. Like I said, I have questions. Things have been, very strange for me lately."
   "Absolutely," she said, and there was just a hint of empathy in her voice, enough to make him feel like he was understood. "And there's one more thing I'd like to say, before I have to get off the phone and focus on the road. One important thing."
   "What's that?"
   "Don't tell anyone else about the pendant. Trust me, I know how that sounds. So mysterious and full of portent. But I'm serious. If it is what I think it is, you want to keep it a secret, even from the closest people in your life. From your mother. Hear what I'm telling you?"
   "I do," he said, "And I won't. Tell anyone, that is."
   
   She hung up. He was sitting on the couch, the midday sun now shining through the curtain onto the entertainment center, dust particles floating in the air. Outside he could hear the muffled sound of traffic going by. Everything around him was very still, very quiet, and very ordinary.

