
Twelve


May 24

Somethings not right. I’m a little scared right now. I’m not gonna lie. This week fucking sucked. I've missed work twice, including today. When I texted Chen, I could tell by his response that he didn't believe my bullshit excuse. But I don't know what to do. I can't work right now. I can't focus. I'm sitting on my bed, forcing myself to write this. My hope is that by writing it all down I can gain perspective and learn to control this persistent feeling I have. It never goes away. This hollow feeling. For lack of a better word I’m calling it the hunger. Because it does feel that way, sometimes. A similar emptiness inside of me. Similar, but not the same. The food helped at first, before I understood. I swear I must have gained five pounds in a week. And it did help me to feel better. It numbed me. But it wasn't enough. Soon I would wake up in the middle of the night, curled up, clutching myself. Trying to force the feeling to go away. I had tremors. I twitched. Then, sometimes I would have this heaviness wash over my entire body, smothering me, and I knew I was absolutely going to die. That was doom. I never really understood that word before. But I do now.

I stopped taking my antidepressant medication. It wasn't helping me and honestly I feel like it was doing more harm to my body than good. So I blew off my appointment on Wednesday with Dr. Patel. Even if I ever do start back the medication, I'm not going back to him. He doesn't listen and that's what I need more than anything right now.

After the food stopped working for me, I went straight to alcohol. Wine, whiskey, vodka, whatever it took. The stronger the better. I feel like a goddamn cliche out of a cheesy soap opera, I swear. One night I drank so much wine in order to be able to sleep that I was still drunk from it the next morning. I managed to get ready and drive myself to work, weak and nauseous, my foot trembling on the gas pedal. I think I had alcohol poisoning. I still had the taste the sour wine in my mouth. When I got to work I went straight to the bathroom and hugged the toilet for half an hour, wanting to throw up but not being able to. Somebody in the next stall heard me and asked if I was okay. I lied and said I was. Then after I missed the morning meeting Chen told me to just go home, if I was sick. I felt horrible. That's not me. That's not who I am. But I drove home and drank myself into a stupor. So maybe it is who I am after all.

There is a moment, after I've drunk enough, and my head is just about to spin, where I go completely blank. Numbed. I feel nothing. Not the hunger. Not the anxiety. But also not happiness or anger or love or sadness. Nothing at all. And that's the place I am trying to reach whenever I drink. And once I'm there that's where I try to stay for as long as possible.

But that's not everything. Not even the half of it. If I'm gonna get this shit out of my system, it has to all come out.

There was a night when even the alcohol wasn't doing it for me. I couldn't sleep. I couldn't even sit still. I was crawling out of my skin, like a spider. Drunk off my ass, and barely able to stand let alone walk, I still managed to remember I had half a joint Crystal had shared with me one night when we went to a Roger Waters concert in midtown. So I stumbled over to the dresser where I kept it hidden in a little baggie at the back of my sock drawer and smoked it. And it was good. It brought me right to that place I wanted to be, and I was there long enough to fall asleep. And I slept so good.

But it didn't last. Nothing does. And I was hurting. So the next day I am thinking about asking Crystal if she can hook me up with some weed, which I'm sure she can. But then I think, I'm not sure if I want her to know I'm on the prowl for drugs. Not to sound like a bitch, but at the end of the day she's not really my friend, she's a colleague. And I don't trust that she'd keep things secret, if the shit ever hits the fan. Plus I don't want to wait. So I start looking on the internet for ways to score drugs, and quickly learn what an amateur I am.

I found some good forums, there's one called StimCentral, and absorb everything I could from these sites. I was on those sites for hours. I learned terminology. Slang. Attitude. Anything to convince somebody I was the real deal and not some naive white girl, and sell me drugs. The people on these sites area on real shit. Meth mostly. But also heroin. Cocaine. Prescription painkillers. Marijuana too, but that's like the most harmless thing there. And I have to be completely honest, I am interested in it all. Anything that can help me. Because this is really starting to wear me down, I swear. There has to be a limit to how much a person can take, and I'm afraid I'm close to hitting that limit.

Once I learned enough from these forums to not embarrass myself, or think I have, I started hitting the sites they recommend. The most popular one seems to be Craigslist, so I go there, to the Personals section, and search for phrases like 420, parTy, Tina, ice skating. There were lots of matches. This excited me. It was one in the morning. I was half-drunk on vodka and grapefruit juice, laying on the bed, not able to sleep really, but not fully awake. In the twilight zone. Scanning the  matches, I see all sorts of titles, with all sorts of code words being used. Most of them I have no clue about. But I start to see some that I do recognize from browsing drug forums. They are like:

Wife is out of town 420, PP

Any ladies like to show off???

Mid 40's Male looking for female or Male for late night activitiess

Looking for playmate not soulmate

Any voyeurs?

I click on them randomly. Not really sure what I want, but know what I don't want whenever I see it. They all sound creepy to me in one way or another, but some have a laid-back vibe that reassures me (a little). Those stand out from the rest. One says:

30s wm needs female to party n play for a few. (Party favs included). Activities include ice skating, 420 and there's one more of my friend named proxy. And she's 20. hmu and let's do this :p

I decide this is about the best I'm going to get tonight, and I figure I still have plenty of chances to bow out. So I enter the number into my phone and type a short message, trying very hard to strike the right tone, so I don't sound like a cop.

Heyyy :) Saw yr ad on CL. Still up?

Before I hit send I feel this little thrill. A rush. I wasn't expecting that. Like at all. Like, nervousness combined with anticipation. It felt almost, I don't know. Wholesome? No.

I hit send and realize I've been holding my breath the whole time. I exhale and lay my phone down beside me. Then I pretend to surf the internet, but really my mind is on the phone. I don't even see what sites I'm browsing. Maybe porn. I don't even know.

After ten minutes or so my phone vibrates and lights up and my heart literally skips a beat. God I was not expecting that. Not at all. It's like I'm back in middle school, waiting for a boy to call me. But no. It's not like that at all.

I pick up the phone, almost afraid to read what the text says.

Always up :) Whats yr name baby?

It takes me a few minutes to respond. I'm not sure what to say to move things forward, or even if I want to. I'm not sure if I even want to tell him my name, and I try to think up a fake name, but when I finally type a response, all that goes away.

Abbie. U?

A few more minutes go by and I receive a reply.

Steve

And shortly thereafter, another.

Wanna party?

Here my heart rate jumps by at least twenty beats per minute. Am I doing this? I am, but I play coy. Not sure why. It just feels like that's how I should play it.

tonight?

His reply comes quick.

no time like the present :p

I quickly respond, feeling myself slipping inch by inch into something that I may not be able to get out of. I warn myself to be careful. But then send a flirtatious reply.

;)

His responses come very quickly now. I have his interest.

Cool, got a pic?

This one takes me several minutes to respond. I don't really want to send this guy a photo of myself. I could probably get away with lying and saying that I don't. But I have this desire to do more drugs, and because it's late at night, and I'm feeling that way, my better judgement goes out the window and I take a quick photo of myself kissing at the camera and send to him. He responds within the minute, and we start to have a conversation.

Steve: Damn yr sexy, Abbie :)
Me: thank you
Steve: What part of town you stay in?
Me: midtown, close to the park
Me: hbu?
Steve: Im in Decatur. Glenwood apts
Me: Not too far
Steve: nope :) wanna hang out?
Me: sure, sounds fun
Steve: cool
Steve: hmu when you get here
Me: What's the apt number?

He didn't respond to my last text. I waited five minutes and thought about sending him another, but I was worried if I came off too uptight he might suspect me and call it off. 

So I printed directions to the Glenwood Apartments in Decatur. Then I threw on some jeans and a shirt, and went into the bathroom to fix my hair and put on a little makeup. Seeing myself in mirror I realized how drunk I was, my vision was blurry. My eyes puffy. The sober part of me confronted the drunk part of me. "Pull your shit together, Abigail. This is not cool. In fact this is fucking stupid and dangerous." But the drunk part of me won the argument. I picked up my keys and bag and went out the door, locking it behind me.

It was now 2:17 in the morning. The streets were empty. There was a chill in the air, and a mild wind blowing the treetops. I got in my car and read through the directions, trying to memorize them so I wouldn't have to look while I was driving. I got on the road.

From my apartment it was only a fifteen minute drive into Decatur, especially this time of night. My head was spinning and I had to concentrate in order to stay between the lines. I was hyper focused on not weaving. I took the turns I had memorized and ended up in a part of Decatur I wasn't familiar with. The first time, I ended up passing right by the apartments, seeing the brick sign with Glenwood Apartments written in cursive letters in my side mirror, but I turned around in a Wal-Mart parking lot.

The apartment complex was sketchy. It looked as if construction had been abandoned half-way through. Behind the main row of buildings I saw cleared lots with piles of dirt and overgrown grass. I could tell these had been planned to be luxury apartments at one time, but now everything was run-down. There were a few cars on jack stands in the parking spots outside the entrance ways. Piles of trash bags next to a can that was overflowing. This was not a good neighborhood to be in at night. That was my first thought, as I drove through the complex. This was not the part of Decatur I had been in before, and the Decatur I was imagining when he said that's where his apartment was. I mean, Decatur was where Tammy and Crystal and me went to the crochet class.

I found a parking spot across from the buildings, where it felt moderately safe. I locked my doors and sent a text.

Im here

As I waited I saw a toddler crawling in the stairway corridor of one of the buildings across from where I was parked. At first I thought it was a small dog. But it was a helpless child, crawling on its hands and knees, as if it were safe in a playpen. At almost three in the morning. No parent or guardian in sight, that I could see. I searched the windows and doors hoping to find someone watching. I had the instinct to run out there and help it, but I was too afraid. An immense feeling of guilt came over me. A dark feeling. Then my phone vibrated and lit up on the seat beside me.

Come on up. C bldg, apt 7

The building nearest to me was F. I looked down the row and saw D, so I assumed C was the next one in line. For some reason it felt safer to me to not be parked too close to the building I was going into, even though it meant I'd have to walk across the entire parking lot. I put the phone into my purse and made sure I had the knife and tiny can of pepper spray, just in case.

After I locked my door I glanced to the stairway corridor and the crawling toddler was gone. I'm not sure if that should have made me feel better, but it did.

C building was on the other side of D. One of the outside lights was broken out, so it was hard to see the door numbers until I got really close. There was no 7 on the first floor, so I went up the stairs. I saw 6 and knew 7 must be the one on the end, next to a railing overlooking an empty lot.

My heart was pounding. I remember asking myself if I really wanted to go through with this. But I knew the answer already.

I knocked on the door.

A few minutes later the door cracked opened and I saw a guy wearing pajama pants and a v-neck shirt already headed back to the couch. I pushed the door open and came halfway inside. The whole place smelled of stale cigarettes. The carpets were stained. Things were strewn everywhere. I asked the guy if he was Steve. Without looking at me he said "Yep that's me. Come on in." and turned his attention back to a laptop sitting on a coffee table in front of the couch. He was smoking a joint and offered it to me, again not making eye contact.

"I'm good," I said, not mentioning that I wanted to make absolute sure he wasn't a complete psychopath before anything happened.

He wasn't cute. That alone made me think about abandoning this idea. Not sure what I had been expecting. He was skinny and had a receding hairline that showed off a massive forehead. The rest of his face was long and sort of droopy. He had a little patch of facial hair on his chin, but otherwise was clean-shaven. There were deep circles under his eyes. His skin was pale and he was constantly scratching at a sore on his elbow. But there was something about the fact that he ignored me that I kind of liked. It was like I was so welcome here that he didn't even have to be polite. It relaxed me and I wasn't afraid at all, which is weird, looking back.

Loud music was playing from the laptop speakers. Since he wasn't saying much, or paying any attention to me at all, I tried to make conversation, so it wouldn't be awkward.

"This music is cool."

He seemed to come to life at that question. His eyes got big and he turned the laptop screen so I could see it.

"I'm watching this documentary on YouTube. About Iggy and the Stooges. Do you know them?"

I told him I had heard of Iggy Pop before but I don't think I'd ever listened to the Stooges in my life, and he went on a rant that must have lasted fifteen minutes. I swear to God.

"You don't know the Stooges? That's cool. Not many people do. But you need to understand they are the one of the seminal rock bands from the last fifty years. Probably the seminal band. They brought punk to the world. They released their first album at the tail-end of the sixties and blew up all that hippie lovey-dovey bullshit for good. Iggy as front man has never been surpassed by any performer since. No exaggeration. He's the perfect evolution of Mick Jagger and Jim Morrison, taking what they did on stage and elevating it into pure Dionysian ritual. This documentary goes into all of that shit. It's fucking brilliant."

And on and on. At some point I got tired of nodding and sat back in the chair, taking a hit from the joint, and tuned him out. I was tired and I must have zoned out because the next thing I remember is him standing over me, asking if I wanted to do a hot rail with him in the kitchen.

"I don't even know what that is."

He smiled and said don't worry it's mind-blowing and motioned for me to follow him. I said sure, okay. 

We went into the kitchen, where he had a glass pipe and a small butane torch, sitting on a stone cutting board. He took a few crystal shards from a baggie next to the board and crushed them into a powder and then used a razor blade to form the powder into a line. Then he lit the butane torch and heated up one end of the pipe.

"Now whatever you do, don't touch the hot end of the pipe. That shit is hotter than the surface of the sun. Trust me."

I said okay. Then he leaned down and put the other end of the pipe into his nose and snorted the line. Then he put his head back and exclaimed "Goddamnit that's good shit" and exhaled out a large cloud of smoke. This was the first time he made eye contact with me. He had these bug eyes, reddened from the smoke.

Then it was my turn. He made another line and then heated up the pipe, warning me again not to touch the end. Then he handed me the pipe.

"Go for it, Abbie," he said, "It's all you."

I put the cool end of the pipe into one nostril and inhaled, feeling the sting of hot vapor entering my air passageway. Then just like Steve I exhaled a plume of white smoke. I met eyes with him, his pupils had dilated. He looked at me with this slow grin, exposing a row of decayed teeth.

"How long does it take to kick in?"

But then I started to feel this tingling in my arms, and then in my stomach. All of a sudden I could hear my heart beating. All through my body I had this weightless feeling. And then an intense feeling of well-being. Like anything was possible. I felt warm. Full of life. Then I noticed Steve was talking to me, and all of a sudden I could hear him.

"I can tell you're feeling it now. Feelin good right? This is the rush. It's just the beginning. You wait and see."

We went back to the living room and sat on the couch. I felt hyper-aware of my surroundings, but in a good way. Like I could see things really clearly. Steve sat down next to me, very close, and pulled the laptop from the coffee table and rested it on both our knees. He showed me some videos that he liked, but honestly I wasn't paying attention. Being so close to him, our knees touching, was turning me on. I didn't even care that he wasn't very attractive. I felt this energy between us that was almost unbearable. He moved a little closer and put his arm around the small of my back.

I inched closer to him, and it was like the floodgates opened. He pulled me against him and I put my hand on his leg. We faced each other and kissed. It was the most passionate kiss I can remember experiencing in my life. I am not kidding. The sensation of his kiss flooded over me. I kissed back, wanting to devour him.

He asked if I wanted to go into the bedroom and I just nodded. I was melting from these feelings. All I wanted was more. He picked up the laptop and led me by one hand into the bedroom, which was just a mattress on the floor, surrounded by beer cans and old food containers, stray clothes. I didn't care.

I fell onto the mattress and rolled over onto my back. He set the laptop down and put on a song.

"This is like the best make-out song ever. The Stooges of course."

The song began to play, a slow meditative violin, then chanting, and a psychedelic guitar. It was not what I was expecting. So different that I wondered if I it was just my imagination.

"Do you hear like, people chanting?"

He smiled.

"That's just the song, baby."

I liked when he called me baby. It made me feel protected. I pulled him closer to me. He took off his shirt and fell on top of me, kissing me hard, our tongues entwined, kneading my breasts with one hand while cupping my ass with the other. He pulled me into him. I felt his strength and yielded to it. I wanted it. I wanted to be owned by him and lost myself in that feeling. There was no more hunger. No more emptiness. Only passion intensified a thousand times by our mutual high.

His mouth pressed against my neck, breathing on me, speaking harsh words into my ear, "You mine, baby. Ain't you? You fucking mine." And then he gripped the back of my neck with his free hand and squeezed. And I melted. We were perfectly synchronized. It was like he was reading my mind.

"Say it for me, baby. Say you're mine. Say I fucking own you."

"I'm yours," I answered, "You own me."

Then I saw out the window that it was light outside, and somewhere in the back of my mind I wondered what time it was. But I really didn't care.

Before I knew what was happening we were naked. He went down on me, giving me the most intense orgasms I've ever had in my life. I swear. Then I went down on him. And I don't remember details after that. I just remember the feeling of lust and doing whatever it took to satiate that feeling. I saw us in the mirror, saw him moving in and out of me and was so turned on by seeing us fuck that it sent me right over the edge, and I climaxed.

At some point I remember telling him how dry my mouth was. It felt like a desert in my mouth. He stopped and sat up in the bed.

"Same here. We need to drink some water. We've been in bed for like seven hours."

I sat up, my mind sharp but unfocused. Then I pulled it together.

"Wait, what time is it?"

"Like three or four. Check the clock in the living room."

"Four in the afternoon?"

My mind regained focus and I noticed how disgusting the apartment was in the daylight. It smelled horrible. I put on my clothes and went into the kitchen and drank two glasses of water, but my mouth still felt very dry. I was sick to my stomach. I was weak.

"I don't feel well," I told him. He had joined me in the kitchen.

"You on the comedown, baby," he said, crushing more shards into powder, "A little bump will get you straight."

"I'm going now. This was a mistake. Fuck, was this a mistake. I don't know what I was thinking."

Steve stopped what he was doing and looked straight at me. He wasn't smiling.

"We had fun."

I didn't answer. He pulled out a little baggie and poured some shards into it. Then he wrapped it up and handed it to me.

"If you just have to go, take this with you. For the road. And don't be a stranger. You're cool, Abbie."

Just hearing him say my name disgusted me. There was a moment of awkwardness when none of us said anything. We had spent the entire night and most of the day together and I didn't know a thing about him, except that he liked the Stooges. I had to get away. 

But, I did take the baggie.

Once I was back in the quiet of my car, sitting in that apartment complex, car idling, my entire world suddenly collapsed in on itself, like a dying star. Where I was. What I had done. Who I had done it with. I had missed work. I had smoked meth with some stranger from the internet and then had sex with him. Did we use protection? What if he gave me an STD? Is that baggie of drugs in my purse payment for the sex? Am I a whore? I saw my mother's face flash in my mind, gently smiling, and I felt a deep shame. Then I drove out of the apartment complex onto the main road. I was crying.

I didn't know where I was. I didn't know where I was going. I just drove. All over the city. I was thirsty. So thirsty. And I could feel the hunger returning. Those moments of relief had meant nothing. The euphoria of the drugs and the sex had meant nothing. Now I was alone. That was the worst part of all. I was completely alone. And unclean. A part of me that had been clean all my life was now stained by the things I had done, and somewhere in my heart I knew I would never be clean again. It took all my effort not to stop and take all the rest of the meth. My thought was, if I just crushed it all up and snorted it, then maybe I would overdose and all this would be over, forever.

I pulled into a gas station and went inside for a bottle of water. The cashier looked at me with concern.

"Ma'am, are you okay?"

So I went into the bathroom to look at myself in the mirror. It was like staring into a car crash. My hair was matted and tangled. Under my eyes were dark circles, my eyes themselves reddened from the lack of hydration and from crying. My skin was pale. I washed my face in the sink and brushed most of the tangles from my hair. Then I walked to the car and drank the water. Then I kept driving. My mind went blank.


"Where are you hurting, Abigail?"

He was standing there, just like the other times I've come. But something about him had changed. His breathing was labored. He looked more tired than before. The room itself had changed too. I noticed the air felt thinner, as if there wasn't quite enough oxygen. The walls were wet with a mucous-like slime. Something moldy and dark appeared to be growing in the corner of the room, but I couldn't tell exactly what it was.  It may have been my imagination. When the man saw me, his eyes brightened. He opened his arms and embraced me. He held me him close to him and I noticed his smell was different. Off somehow. Like meat that had turned. But at this point I need this ritual of ours. I truly do. I told him everything that he already knew, and he comforted me and reassured me. With him I never feel judged. Never. But most importantly, I never feel alone.

That was yesterday. When I returned home I went to bed and slept soundly and did not dream. When I woke up this morning I felt fully refreshed. I was calm. The weather was clear. The sun was out. I took a shower and washed my hair. I put on some clean clothes. Then I made breakfast and ate while watching the weather channel, listening to the birds outside the kitchen window. I am feeling so much peace and joy and optimism in my heart. And yet never in my life have I been so utterly terrified. Because I know this is not real, what I'm feeling right now. It's just not. Because I should be suffering right now. I should be full of anxiety and sleep deprived and hating myself to the core. But I'm not. I'm happy. 

So happy.
