
Thirteen

  It was Saturday. 40 degrees. The sky was gray and overcast, but the weather had not predicted any rain. He drove through a congested part of midtown, gas stations, fast food restaurants, strip malls, and then turned down a side street and went past a parking lot filled with brightly-colored food trucks. Then he saw the metal and wood bespoke sign for The Goat Farm and turned right onto the gravel drive, finding a spot to park near the main entrance. 
  The Goat Farm was an arts center which had been built inside a reclaimed industrial complex from the 19th century. The buildings were all rectangular red-brick structures with rows of boarded-up windows or open spaces where windows used to be. Indoors, the spaces had been subdivided into studio workshops for artists and craftspeople of various kinds: blacksmiths, woodworkers, sculptors, painters, stained-glass makers. The layout of the Farm was labyrinthine, with many corridors and courtyards, joined together by small brick tunnel ways. Walking through the complex felt to him like exploring the ruins of the industrial south. The owners had persevered the historical character of the place, to their credit, he thought.
  He followed signs with arrows that read: Occult Talk This Way, and ended up outside a large structure that looked to be an old warehouse. There was an easel out front with a sign.
  
Origins of the Occult: An Introduction to Lesser-Known Belief Systems of the World, and Beyond...

  Below that was a time table of speakers. There were five in total. And the person he had come to see was third on the list.

1pm - Dr. Susan Burrows on The Adherents of K'thadras, or Hidden in Plain Sight

  It was now twelve thirty. He went inside and noticed a small table with a stack of books. He picked it up and read the same title as was on the sign out front. The cover was a photograph of interstellar space overlaid with a symmetrical arrangement of various symbols, one of which he recognized as the same pattern on the pendant he now carried in his jacket pocket. 
  He asked a girl near the table how much the book cost and paid for it in cash. Then he found a chair near the back and sat down.
  As he waited he looked around. The ceiling had to be at least thirty feet high, with exposed wooden rafters. There was a chandelier overhead, made from woven wood and grass. Natural light filtered in through open spaces where windows used to be. There were five rows of folding chairs, arranged with an aisle down the middle, as in a wedding. In front of the seating was an old-fashioned lectern with an open laptop on top. Next to the lectern was a table with a small projector, a pitcher of water, and a copy of the same book he held in his hands. Behind the table was a large projection screen, upon which was the final slide of the previous talk, or so he guessed, since it said:
  
The End (Remember kids, don't believe everything you're told)

  It was not a large turnout. There were a dozen or so attendees when Susan Burrows came up the center aisle and stood behind the lectern. His first thought was she was much shorter than he imagined. She looked like an old hippie, wearing an earth-tone wrap top, jeans, and bright purple New Balance sneakers. Her hair was pinned up in a messy bun and her glasses were pushed onto her head.
  Dr. Burrows opened her presentation on the computer and a title card appeared on the projection screen in big, yellow letters:
  
What is K'thadras?
  
  "Quick show of hands," she said, "Who here has ever heard of K'thadras, or the Adherents of K'thadras, before attending this lecture today?"
  Nobody raised a hand, including him. She nodded, as if she had expected it.
  "That looks about right. Zero out of twenty. If there were fifty of you, then I'd wager one or two might have read something about it before, probably on the internet. So good. At least I know where I am. Amidst the ignorant masses."
  There was laughter in the audience.
  "So, there are two components to the talk I'm going to give today. The first is to introduce you to K'thadras the Myth, and the second is to introduce you to the followers of the K'thadras Myth, who refer to themselves as Adherents. By the way, all this information can also be found in the absolutely wonderful book you walked right by on the way in. If you'd like to revisit anything I say today, look up any of the primary sources, you will find that information in the chapter I wrote on K'thdras. My point is, please buy a copy. And maybe one more, for your dearest loved one."
  More laughter. She let the room go quiet, and then gestured to the question on the screen.
  "K'thadras is a being that lives in hibernation, deep within the core of the planet Earth. In fact, according to the myth, our world was formed around The Sleeping Abomination, over four billion years ago, during the birth of the solar system. This is the first tenet. K'thadras, in this understanding, is not a spiritual concept, and that is worth noting, because it is unique among the deity belief systems, no matter how far back in history we go."
  The slide changed to a photograph of cave art, primitive symbolic patterns drawn in muddy red paint.
  "The earliest reference to the being comes from cave art. For example, take a look at these, discovered in the mountain caves system of Patagonia, in southern Chile, dated by scientists to be at least sixty-five thousand years old, drawn here using red ochre."
  The next slide showed a few broken clay tablets covered with faded glyphic writing.
  "The earliest pronounceable reference of the being comes from  Sumerian text, as seen on these tablets. Here the same symbol found within the cave systems is referred to as K’thadras. You see the symbol outlined there, and the bird facing left. We'll get to the meaning of that in a bit."
  "In these texts, besides the name K'thadras, we also learn several epithets used describe the being. Undying is one. The Sleeping Abomination is another. And my personal favorite, Dweller of the Egg. So evocative, that one. I like to imagine this tiny, embryonic chicken poking through its shell."
  There was some mild laughter.
  "But by far the most common epithet for K'thadras is The One Who Waits. We see it everywhere, including in these tablets."
  A man in the front spoke, but he couldn't hear what they said. Some laughter followed. Dr. Burrows leaned in and asked him to repeat the question. And then she laughed.
  "Right, good question! For those of you who couldn't hear in the back, this gentleman asked, What the hell is it waiting for? Excellent question, but I'm afraid I'm going to disappoint you with the answer to that. And let me preface the rest of this talk by saying, you will leave with more questions than answers. Because unfortunately there is so much we don't know, even now, after thousands and thousands of years. This has to do with influence of the Adherents, which we'll also get to."
  "But as to your specific question, What the hell is it waiting for? Well, we have our answer in this tablet. That left-facing bird I pointed out earlier. This symbol references a Return. So interpreting this entire line, in combination with the epithets, we might say K'thadras Undying, Dweller of the Egg, the One who Awaits the Return."
  "The return of what? You then ask. We just don't know. It remains, to this day, a complete mystery."
  A girl a few seats up raised her hand. Dr. Burrows pointed to her.
  "Yes, I had a question about the Adherents. Are these like historical groups? Because I'm having a hard time believing that anyone in today's society could take any of this seriously.  A being that lives in the center of the planet. I mean, with science and all that we know about the world. Who are these people?"
  There were some laughs. Nodding.
  "Well, you bring up an interesting point. And we're going to get to the Adherents. They are not just a historical group. There is mounds of evidence that they are still active. Which we'll get to, but to answer your question, how can anybody believe in K'thadras, in our modern, scientifically advanced society? It's been my experience, and I'm an old witch, seventy-three years young this July, it's been my experience that if you can imagine it, somebody out there can talk themselves into believing it. The human capacity for self-delusion is very, very high."
  Loud laughter. Some clapping.
  "This may be as a good a place as any to transition into the second part of our talk, which is about the Adherents of K'thadras, the followers of this being hibernating in the center of our world."
  She clicked to the next slide. In big, yellow letters was another question.
  
Who are the Adherents?

  "I'll start by listing who Adherents aren't, and we'll go from there. Adherents aren't members of high society. The wealthy elite. Rulers of the state, titans of industry. This is not the Illuminati. There is no hierarchy of power. They build no churches. The reason for that is simple. Under K'thadras, we are all equally unimportant. In fact, for all we know it isn't even aware of our existence. Another tenet for you. Who then are the Adherents? Ordinary people, like you and me. Ordinary folks who somehow have experienced the mystery of K'thadras and now wish to spend their lives in service of that mystery."
  The next slide showed yet another question.
  
Where are the Adherents?

  She pointed to the question. Nobody spoke.
  "All around you."
  For effect she said nothing after that, leaving the room quiet for a few moments.
  "They could be sitting in this audience. They could have served you coffee this morning. You'd never know. Their greatest achievement, if you can call it that, is their ability to stay hidden, even after thousands of years of human civilization. Completely undetected, except for these scrap pieces of knowledge I've shown you today. In fact, what if I told you that underlying all the great religions of the world, Christianity, Islam, Judaism, Hinduism, Buddhism, was this belief system, on the fringes, in the shadows, inspiring and influencing things from afar. Would you believe me?"
  Many in the audience were nodding in the negative. She brought up a slide of an old pencil drawing, depicting a large statue of a bull-horned devil, being offered a child.
  "Moloch, mentioned in the Old Testament to be the Canaanite deity of child sacrifice. My colleague Matthew Davies of St. Lawrence College has written a paper linking references to K'thadras back to this deity. It has not yet been published, pending peer review, but if you are interested, please give me your email address after the talk and I'd be happy to forward you a copy of it. Fascinating stuff."
  She brought up depictions from Christianity and Hinduism. Paintings of Jesus and Lord Kalki.
  "In a multitude of religions, two shown here, we have myths of a second coming, or return. But none of these religions predate the references we have of the Return awaited for by K'thadras. A growing number of my colleagues look at the Kthadrasine Return to be the originator of this myth."
  Another hand raised.
  "You say there are no churches for Adherents, so where do they congregate? If it is an organized group, they must gather somewhere, right? Or do they not?"
  Dr. Burrows nodded.
  "Right, I was coming to that. It is a very good question. And you are mostly correct, but I actually said they build no churches. Because we know they do congregate, and I suppose you could call the places they congregate churches, but in the vernacular of Adherents, these holy places are called sanctums, not churches. This is one of the most fascinating aspects of the Adherents. I get excited just thinking about it. Because, like I said before, sanctums are not built. Instead, these holy places are found. Discovered."
  "How are they discovered? You ask. Sanctums are real locations known for having a negative energy, or to use hippie lingo, bad vibrations. You might also call them haunted places. Specific coordinates on the map where acts of unusual violence or madness have occurred and reoccured throughout history. Somehow these places are designated as sanctums and are henceforth used for congregation, rituals, and we don't really know much more than that. In terms of the belief system, sanctums are where K'thadras has broken through the shell of the world (note that egg metaphor) and caused the surrounding land to decay. This ground is sacred to Adherents because it is a physical manifestation of K'thadras in the mundane world."
  Dr. Burrows stopped talking and nobody said anything.
  "This is a lot to take in, I know. Your heads are probably spinning. But this is the gist of what we know. There is not much more to our current knowledge of K'thadras or the Adherents. Pretty amazing when you consider just how long it's been around. Adherents are quite good at keeping quiet, but also at suppressing information. You may not know this, but I published a paper in the eighties with the first reference to K'thadras, outside of primary sources. And around the same time, a photographer published some photos at some ruins in New Mexico, which he claimed to be Adherents. And he was found murdered not long afterwards. Well, after some scares of my own, which I won't go into, I shied away from publishing anything else about Adherents or K'thadras, for a very long time. And nobody else did either. I'm guessing for the same reasons. But when they approached me for this book, a few years ago now, I knew it was the right time. I mean, screw it, I'll be dead in ten years anyway."
  There was laughter. Some light applause.
  "Well folks, that's about all I've got for you today. I'll open it up to questions, if you have any. Otherwise, thanks for coming out. And buy the book!"
  A few people headed out. Most stayed. A couple hands went up. She pointed at a woman in the third row.
  "I was wondering, is there any scripture or text. It seems like there would be something, since they've been around so long."
  Dr. Burrows put her hands to her cheeks, in shock.
  "Oh dear, yes! I totally forgot to mention that. Thank you. There is a book out there, written by the Adherents. And as you might have guessed, nobody has ever read it, or even seen it, though we do know it exists. In the old language it is referred to as the Vothmawg-Ab. Try saying that three times fast!"
  More laughter.
  "But colloquially it has come to be known as The Book of Whispers. An apt name for such a secretive group of people, don't you think? The most interesting thing about the book is that it's a living text, growing with each subsequent generation. Supposedly it's filled with rituals and revelations, spanning back thousands of years, and written in a multitude of languages. I would absolutely love to get my hand on a copy, so if you happen to have a spare lying around, please shoot me a message."
  Dr. Burrows thanked everyone for coming, and then the people in the audience stood up and filed down the center aisle. He stood up, book in hand, and approached the lectern, introducing himself and asking her to autograph the book. She did so, and then asked him to meet her in fifteen minutes at the Warhorse, which was a little coffee shop in the central courtyard.
  
  Outside the entrance of the Warhorse, there was a patio with several small wooden tables and chairs. They had decided to bring their coffee and chai latte outside to sit, because sunshine had finally pierced through the overcast skies and the temperature was warming up. Once seated, he pulled the pendant necklace from his pocket and set it on the table. She put on her reading glasses, picked up the pendant, and turned it over in her hand, feeling the texture, and palming the weight. Her eyebrows lifted.
  "Well, this is the real deal. No doubt about that. I'd say it's over a hundred years old, at least, just from the erosion on the engraving. Though we'd have to run tests on it to be absolutely sure."
  "Do you know what the material is?" He leaned forward, curious to learn everything he could, "I've been trying to figure that out. It feels metallic, yet it's very soft for a metal. Could it be bone, or shell?"
  "I'm afraid I don't know. That's not really my area of expertise. But you're right, it's not easily placeable. Could be a lot of things."
  She leaned back in the chair and took a sip of the chai, her eyes meeting his, unwavering. He stare made him uncomfortable.
  "Well, spill it," she said at last, "I'm all ears."
  "Spill what? I don't follow."
  "Spill how you discovered this pendant. And tell me the truth. They don't exactly sell these things at the five and dime, in case you haven't figured that out by now."
  He nodded and then told her everything from the very beginning. He told her about moving to the city for a new job. About replacing Abigail. Then learning how she died. How he acquired the journal. About the albino man named Rabbit. About the man in the room behind the Kroger. About how Rabbit dropped the pendant outside the room and then attacked him after he picked up, calling it a key. About his surreal experience in the woods.
  Afterwards, he met her eyes the same way she had met his, to show he was sincere and not exaggerating any details.
  "That's quite a story, Will."
  "It's all true. Some of it I can't explain yet. But it's the truth. The way it happened."
  She picked up the pendant again, turning it over, examining the engraved symbol on the front.
  "And you say the albino referred to the pendant as a key?"
  "Yes, Rabbit. At least that's the name he gave to Abigail, I learned that from her diary. But I met him also. He works at the Kroger. Marcus Gaines."
  Neither of them said anything. Then he continued.
  "I had hoped you might be able to explain some of this to me. About what's happening. About what I've seen. What about the hallucinations? At first I thought Abigail was imagining things, she was taking all sorts of psychiatric medications, but then I had my own experience in the woods the other night. Do you think they could be using some kind of hallucinogenic drugs on us? Is that something they do?"
  She smiled and shrugged.
  "Look, I see how frustrated you are, and I understand. Here is what I can tell you for sure. The engraving on the pendant is the Mark of K'thadras. It is fairly well-known. Probably why you were able to find matches so easily on the internet. We even used it on the cover of our book. But we don't know its significance to Adherents, and to my knowledge no pendant with this engraving has ever been discovered. So that's one thing. And also, your story about the Kroger, you said it's called the Murder Kroger? A place like that could very well be a sanctum. Those two things I can tell you for sure. After that, I can only guess."
  He nodded thoughtfully.
  "You say the symbol on the pendant is fairly well-known. Is it possible this could all be a hoax of some kind?"
  "Anything is possible. At this point, I wouldn't rule anything out. It's probably wise to be skeptical. That said, I'm not getting hoax vibes from your story. There are too many specific details. If you are still curious, then dating this pendant would be the next logical step, if I were you. Not that they didn't have hoaxes a hundred years ago. But let me say this, when it comes to the occult and especially the Adherents of K'thadras, you have to get used to being in the dark. It's their modus operandi."
  "Right," he said, "I'm starting to understand that very well."
  "There's one more thing. I only mention it because I can tell you are desperate for some answers. A few years ago, when I began research for this book, contacting my old colleagues and inquiring about any new publications, I received a text from an unknown number. The person on the other end, I still don't know who it was, offered to sell me a scanned copy of the Vothmawg-Ab for eighty-five hundred dollars."
  "Holy shit."
  "That was my reaction. But, I don't have that kind of money, even for something as potentially valuable as that. And more importantly, even assuming I could raise the money, which I probably could, the whole thing felt very shady to me. A little too dangerous, considering the history. So I declined. Maybe I shouldn't have, but I did."
  "Why are you telling me this?"
  She grabbed her phone from the purse on the ground next to the table and made a series of swipes and clicks, and put it back. A few moments later his phone vibrated in his jeans pocket. He pulled it out and saw a text from Susan Burrows. It was a phone number. He looked at her.
  "All I can say is, please be cautious. I'm only sharing it because I know if I were in your shoes, I'd want someone to do the same for me. But please be cautious."
  "I understand. And thank you."
  Some time went by, and then she said, very casually.
  "Do you mind if I ask you a personal question?"
  He looked at her, curious.
  "No."
  "Why are you pursuing this? Based on what you've said, nobody is asking you to investigate what happened to that poor girl. I can see you're deeply troubled by everything. I don't blame you one bit. But my question to you is, why?"
  He looked at the table and tried to formulate an answer, but when he searched his mind he realized he had no good answer to the question. He had pros and cons. But no answer to why. She nodded, as if she had expected no response, but said nothing.
  They sat in silence and finished their drinks. She continued to examine the pendant. The sun was low, shining across the courtyard onto the brick wall of the Warhorse, casting shadows upon it. On the wall he watched the silhouettes of the people sitting at a nearby table. 
  At last, she broke the silence.
  "There's something I want to say to you, before I have to go. I hope you're able to hear my words. But, you're in this so deep, that I'm not sure you'll be able to hear what I have to say. Maybe that's the real problem. You don't realize yet just how deep into this you are, and you need to. You're driving around, doing these clandestine investigations, reaching out to me, like you're Sherlock Holmes or something. And in your head you're still thinking, I can walk away from this anytime I want. I can forget Abigail. I can forget the diary. I can forget everything and go back to work. Anytime I want, I can go back to my life. But the truth is, you are in this now. Do you think you have that pendant by accident? You don't. That's not how they operate. That's not how they've remained hidden within societies going back thousands of years. No. The only reason you have that pendant in your possession is because they want you to have it. If you take away nothing else from what I'm saying, please realize that. Okay? Regardless of how unbelievable you find their belief system, the Adherents are very real, and they are dangerous. I guess what I'm trying to say is this, because I can see by the look on your face that you're not getting it. You still think you're safe."
  She reached out and grabbed his hand and squeezed it hard, as you would to rouse someone who was inside of a deep dream.
  "You are not safe."
  
  
  
  
  