
Fourteen

  As he drove home, passing storefronts and buildings with their lights on, passing cars with their headlights on, he thought about the things Susan Burrows had said to him. He questioned whether what he was doing was the right thing or even a good thing. And determined it probably wasn't, but what was he going to do? That he didn't know. He decided to stop at George's for a burger and a beer. To clear his thoughts and figure out what he was going to do next.
  He parked a couple blocks away, on a side street, and walked down the row of restaurants, bars, and music venues to an unassuming bar and grill, with a gated patio out front, a place that had quickly become his favorite haunting ground, ever since moving to the city last month.
  George's Bar and Grill wasn't trendy or hip like most of the other places in his neighborhood. It felt like something out of the past, a family-owned restaurant where you could get a cold beer on draft, have a burger, meet up with your friends, watch the game on the flat-screen TVs that lined the long bar in back.
  That was exactly what was going on tonight. The playoffs were in full swing. The place was packed. He found a spot at the bar, near the drink station, and asked for a draft and a menu. It was probably not the best place to clear your head after all, but he was here now and decided to make the best of it. The bartender set down a frosted glass mug of beer and the menu. He took a drink, looked at the menu, and then ordered a double cheeseburger and fries.
  Susan Burrows had implied he couldn't walk away, but that wasn't true, was it? He could. Right now he could leave the pendant on the bar, drive home, toss the diary in the outside trash bin, delete all of Abigail's photos from the laptop, and be done with it for good. It would be like she never existed. To him. And just imagining that lifted a weight from his shoulders. It was telling that she had asked him a simple question and he couldn't come up with a single good reason why he was doing all of this. And like she said, it was dangerous. The Adherents were dangerous. He was now convinced of that. They had probably drugged him somehow. Maybe the 2x4 he was struck across the head with was laced with some kind of hallucinogenic drug able to permeate the skin. That was a stretch, he had to admit, but anything was possible based on what he had learned about them. How else to explain what he saw? He remembered what Susan Burrows had said during her talk, "They could have served you coffee this morning. You'd never know." and wondered if it was that simple. He watched the bartender at the other end of the bar, joking with another patron. Then he looked at the beer that remained in his glass. Then he finished it. You can't live like that, he told himself. You can't be paranoid.
  By the time the plate with double cheeseburger and fries was set in front of him, he had decided to wash his hands of the whole thing. But he had to do one thing first. He couldn't let them just get away with it, if there was a chance of foul play when it came to Abigail. So as he ate, he looked up the Anonymous Tip Line and called the number, mentally preparing himself what to say.
  After a few rings the phone picked up. It was a woman's voice.
  "Anonymous Tip Line."
  "Hi, yes, I'd like to report a possible murder. And I want to remain anonymous, for my safety."
  "Yes, sir. I have to inform you that if at a later time you'd like to follow up on this tip with any additional information, please use reference number 7436. Please proceed with your tip. Be as detailed as possible, as that will help our investigators determine the best course of action."
  "Yes, ma'am. The murder happened behind the McDonald's on Ponce de Leon. There is an opening in the fence behind the restaurant, leading into the woods. And then once you get to a clearing, follow the railroad tracks until you reach the backside of another building. There will be some concrete steps and a door. Inside that door is where the murder happened. It's extremely important that you investigate this right away, this evening, since I'm afraid the body will be removed sometime tonight."
  The woman on the other end asked a few follow-up questions, which he tried to answer as vaguely as possible, with the aim of getting police out there this evening.
  He thanked the woman and hung up. Then he finished his burger and fries, a second mug of beer, payed for the meal, and left. The pendant he did not leave on the bar top, as had been his initial plan. He wanted to keep it with him for now, until he was sure.
  
  He pulled into the McDonald's parking lot and found a spot where he could watch for the police, assuming they came. Daylight was almost gone. All that remained of it were thin streaks of red and orange at the edge of an indigo-colored sky. He switched off the Jeep and zipped up his jacket. He wanted to stay as hidden as possible. Not draw any attention to himself.
  As he sat there waiting he breathed deeply a few times and felt the burden of all of this melt away. It was like he could see clearly for the first time in awhile. He had gotten so caught up in Abigail's story that he lost all perspective. When he got home he was going to get rid of the composition book and the pendant. Remove any reference to her from his work computer. Come Monday he would go to work with renewed enthusiasm. No more leaving early or calling in sick. He was going to start working out again, running three miles a day, put up a profile on a dating site, all the things he had meant to do before he got caught up in this mystery. He thought about more things and became reflective.
  At that point he saw two police patrol vehicles pull around behind the McDonald's and park. He sat up immediately.
  Four patrol officers and one police dog emerged from the vehicles. One of them spoke into a radio on his vest. The others investigated the opening. Shining flashlights into it and around it. After a few minutes the officer with the dog entered the opening, the others following behind. His tip had worked. He breathed a sigh of relief, and for the first time in awhile felt like he wasn't alone in all of this. He felt like he could leave now. But he didn't. There was still a part of him that remained curious. So he sat back and waited.
  His thoughts returned to his plan of getting things back on track in his life. Without realizing it the mystery of Abigail and the Murder Kroger had grown to consume his waking life. But this was the end of it. The events of the past wiped away. A clean slate upon which he could now write the rest of his life. Events of the past. His mind went back to his family. His mother and how they had left things, broken and unforgiven. 
  He reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone. Then he started a new text to his mother.

"Hey mama, I hope you are doing well. There are some things I want to say to you, things I need to apologize for. But I feel like it should happen in person. I hope we can meet soon, maybe over dinner, if you agree to that. But I understand if you don't feel comfortable with that. At least please let me know you got this message. I love you very much"

  But he didn't send it. He felt like there was some force keeping him from hitting the send button, something inside him. Was it pride? Embarrassment? Fear? Something inside of him pulled back, as it had so many times before. He put the phone on the passenger seat and wiped a few tears from his eyes.
  
  An hour passed. Then he saw the dog emerge from the hole in the fence, then one officer, then the other two. They brushed off their clothes, turned off the flashlights, and the lead officer spoke to someone on the radio on his vest. Then they got into the cars and drove away, as if nothing had happened.
  They had found nothing. Without knowing he was sure of it. This always was a long shot, and it hadn't worked. All the weight that had lifted from his shoulders came crashing down at once. He was sick to his stomach. Things around him that had come into focus went blurry again. His mind raced.
  What could he do? He was alone in this. There was still the possibility he could walk away from it. But he knew somewhere deep inside that he wouldn't be able to let it go. The questions would always be there, scratching at the back of his mind, until he saw it through. Until he got some answers.
  He picked up the phone and erased the message to his mother. Then he copied the number Susan Burrows had given him earlier today into a new message.
  
"I was given this number by a friend. If the book is still available, I want to buy it."

 Hesitating only a moment, a single breath, he pressed send. Then he set the phone on the passenger seat, started up the Jeep, and pulled onto Ponce de Leon. Halfway home, the phone screen lit up. His attention divided between the road and the phone, he picked it up and looked at the incoming notification. It was a response to his last message.
 
"8500"