
Fifteen

June 30

Things are different now. My last entry was over a month ago. Not sure why I even bother with this diary anymore. But Stephen has gone out for cigarettes and I'm bored out of my fucking gourd.

Last week they fired me. To be perfectly honest I was expecting it, so no surprise there. I mean, the week before that they had handed me an "official warning" on a piece of paper, signed by Tammy, Chen, and Pence. Then last week I only came into work like two days. I gave them a bullshit excuse for the other days, telling them I needed to work from home, but they knew I was lying through my teeth. On a team of five it's easy to tell when somebody isn't pulling their weight. Oh well. My health comes first. And my health isn't good right now. I feel bad all the time. I ache all over. Behind my eyes. In my muscles. In my bones. Everywhere. And the hunger never goes away. That feeling inside of me. No matter what I do. And I just can't work right now. But I believe things will get better soon. I really do believe that.

The day they fired me, Tammy and Chen came to my cubicle. They asked if I would follow them into Tammy's office on the third floor. That was an awkward elevator ride. Neither one of them would look me in the eyes. That's how I knew something was up. In her office Tammy asked me to have a seat. Chen sat in the chair next to me.

"We have to let you go, Abigail," she said, as if she was my best friend, "We had hoped the warning last week would help to get you back on track, but then you only showed up to work two days last week. So unfortunately our hands are tied. We know you're still having a difficult time outside of work, but there's a limit to the sort of behavior the company will accept. Please understand our position here."

She worded everything so I wouldn't get mad at her or Chen. Pretending like it wasn't them doing this to me. Like it wasn't their choice to fire me, but "the company". The more she talked like that the more angry I got. And then she started getting personal.

"You don't look well, Abigail. We're all very worried about you. Chen and me. The others. You've lost a lot of weight in a very short period of time. You have those sores on your arms."

"Nobody's perfect," I said, laughing a little, trying to lighten the mood. Everybody was being super serious. I swear. Tammy looked like she wanted to cry and Chen looked like his mother had just died.

Tammy brought out some pamphlets about alcohol and drug abuse. The kind you get at the clinic. She handed them to me and them clasped her hands around mine.

"Abigail, please get some help. We love you and don't want to see you go down this road. You're a good person and a smart person. You're better than this."

I jerked my hand away from hers and threw those stupid pamphlets onto the desk. Then I told them both to go fuck themselves. They were so patronizing and smug. If they had just been a little nicer to me and not so in-your-face I might have listened to what they had to say. But I couldn't take being condescended to like that. I stormed out of there, slamming the door behind me. I went to my cubicle for my things and got the hell out of that God forsaken place.

Seriously, fuck those assholes. I'll find new work when I'm well again. I don't need that kind of judgement in my life. Why are people like that? Why does everybody thinks they know what's best for you, when they really don't. I got the same shit from Dr. Patel before I fired him. I'll fire everybody. Nobody fires me!

That night I texted Stephen. I asked if he wanted to hang out. He said sure come on over. So I did. Him and a few of his buddies were high on Xanax and weed. They gave me some of that and all my troubles went away. That may be my new favorite thing. After awhile Stephen took me aside and said the guys wanted to have some fun and asked me if I was down with that. At that point I was down for whatever, so I said sure. We went into the bedroom and they undressed me, feeling me all over. I told them to get undressed to and we had a lot of fun. 

Honestly I get lost in those feelings as much as getting high. Men desiring me. Lusting after my body. The more sexual they are with me the better. Whenever they touch me I lose myself completely. It feels like nothing else in the world matters, except for the sensation I am experiencing in that moment. I go to a place inside that feels like a white sand beach on a pink and blue horizon. It is a feeling of serenity and complete fulfillment. I crave that feeling. I only want more of it.

Afterwards we all hung out and watched YouTube. Eventually they left. At the door I saw them handing Stephen money, eyeballing me. I asked him what the money was for and he looked at me with a strange expression on his face and turned away and said, "For you".

This continued over several nights. We never talked about it. But he would text me. Telling me to come over and hang out with some friends. Then we'd get high and then his friends would take me into the bedroom. Stephen stopped coming along. After awhile it became clear to me that these people weren't really his friends at all. They were customers.

He gave me weed, meth, Xanax, Oxy. Whatever I wanted that he had, he gave to me. And I wanted everything. The next week was a haze. He started driving me around to hotel rooms, shitty apartments, parking lots. I'd meet strange men and let them do anything they wanted to me. I didn't care. As long as I was high and as long as they used my body to get me to that place, that white sand beach with the pink and blue horizon, I didn't care at all. A couple times I forgot to take any money from them and Stephen got really upset. He asked me what I thought this was, some game? And I just laughed in his face. 

In my free time I'd post on Craigslist, looking to hook up or for a party and play. Depending on the mood I was in. I did so many things I never thought I would do. The filthier the better. As things went on it took more and more to get me to that place. To keep away the hunger that never went away. So I did it all. Most guys never want to use protection, and have a million excuses why, so I stopped asking. Or asked for more money. When Stephen found out what I was doing he got angry with me, raising his hand in a threatening way.

"Listen to me very carefully," he said, very calmly, but I could tell he was seething with rage, "You are mine. I own you, Abbie. You do not fuck anybody without my permission first. That's how this is going to work. Do you understand me?"

I said, "Yes, master" and laughed in his face. But inwardly I liked the way he was talking to me. It made me feel desired and cared for. And I need that. I realize how fucked up it sounds, but it's the truth, and from now on my thing is always to tell the absolute truth. No more bullshit.

The other day I got a text from Stephen, asking him to meet me at a weekly-rate motel on Buford Highway. When I arrived he was pacing the room. He was geeked out. I could tell he'd been up for days. His eyes were bugging. I asked him about his apartment.

"Those fuckers evicted me. Said I hadn't paid rent in two months. That's bullshit though. I pay my rent. Paid in full, you know what I'm saying?"

He told me he had a plan. He and a bunch of his friends had pooled their money and rented three adjacent rooms at a nice hotel in Buckhead. They were planning to throw a massive party  with a bunch of girls. Advertise the party to some rich business assholes who can't get laid to save their life. Charge three hundred dollars a head. Make some bank. He told me I was one of the girls. His top shelf girl.

"Motherfucker," I told him, "I'm your only girl and I know that. Don't use your bullshit lines on me."

He blew up at me.

"You can't keep talking to me like that, Abbie. You have to respect me. Remember that. I keep you high. I know you lost your job and you're damn sure not walking out on me now. You have it too good. So shut the fuck up and show me some Goddamn respect!"

I did shut up, but inside I said, Fuck you asshole.

He gave me a hundred dollars and said "Go buy something nice to wear. Something high-class. I need you to look like a million bucks by nine o clock tonight. Don't let me down, baby."

But you only gave me a hundred bucks, asshole, I thought to myself as I walked out the door. Still, I went to the mall and found a little red cocktail dress and some shoes to match. They were on sale. Then I had my hair done. But I had gone over the hundred dollars and put it on a credit card that was still active, even though I hadn't paid the bill in months. I have to say, I looked pretty damn sexy, once I put on some makeup. All dolled-up like that, I think I did look like a million bucks. At least.

Stephen texted a few hours later and told me which hotel to be at. It was a swanky place in Midtown. There was a bar on the roof and I arrived early and hung out at the bar. There were guys all over me, hitting on me, buying me drinks. One guy offered to give me a ride in his BMW and I whispered in his ear, "Why don't you let me give you a ride first?" So I took him by the hand and led him to a little hidden corner just inside, near the elevators. Underneath the staircase. I hiked up my dress and let me take me from behind. He entered me and felt me all over and I went to that place where there is no hunger and no pain. When he finished I asked him for a hundred dollars. He looked at me with disgust and called me a whore. I started screaming in his face, and told him I was going to find security and say he raped me. He got quiet after that and handed me everything in his wallet, which wasn't quite a hundred. But I took it and blew him a kiss as he got into the elevator and he flipped me off.

An hour later I got a text from Stephen telling me to go to the tenth floor, room 1017. I finished my drink and went down. The three rooms they had rented were conjoined. As I entered 1017 I saw several other girls dressed to the nines, lounging on the bed or on the couch next to the wall. Stephen was there, standing with a group of men who I had met before at his apartment, a black guy and a hispanic guy. They were well-dressed. Stephen nodded to me but didn't come over. 

I went out on the balcony and talked to another girl standing out there. Her name was Rebecca. She handed me a pill and I took it without asking what it was. I can't remember what all we talked about. But I do remember staring up at the moon and drinking a glass of wine. The next thing I remember is seeing the moon shimmering like it was made of water. I asked Rebecca if she saw it shimmering too, but she didn't answer. I turned to where she had been standing and nobody was there. I was alone. For some reason that made me very sad. I was heartbroken and wanted to cry. I climbed onto the balcony ledge and sat there, looking down at the pool, ten floors below. It looked like a pool I had when I was a girl. A Barbie pool. So far below it seemed small, and very blue. The next thing I remember is leaning over and almost losing my balance. When I felt that sensation it stirred something inside me. I became fearful of close I was to falling over the side, and wanted more of that feeling. To me it felt like going home. A safe and tender feeling. And I had decided to do it, but at that moment a man tapped me on the shoulder and introduced himself as Paul. He was an older man, in his mid to late sixties. He was wearing a faded polo shirt and khaki shorts with flip flops. I told him he looked underdressed for the occasion and he laughed. 

"Honey, when you're as wealthy as I am, you dress however the fuck you want."

He crooked his arm and asked me to rejoin the party with him. I stepped down from the balcony ledge, holding him by the arm, feeling disoriented and a little dizzy.

"Has the party started yet?" I asked him, "It's still kind of early."

He laughed and slid open the glass door, then parted the balcony curtain.

The room was packed. There were probably fifty people, mostly guys, standing around, some with drinks in their hands. Some naked. Then I saw the girls, or some of them. I saw Rebecca on the couch. She was naked and a black guy was inside her and another guy was standing on the ledge of the couch. He was inside her mouth. She briefly made eye contact with me as we walked by, and I waved.

"Hi Rebecca!" I said.

But Bill whispered into my ear, "Her name's Chastity, sweetie."

"How do you know that?" I asked him.

"Because she sucked my cock an hour ago."

Paul walked me through the rooms as if he were my guardian angel. There were a lot of girls and a lot of guys. We passed a table where they were doing lines of coke. There were a dozen lines, all in a row. I pulled free of Paul and asked one of the guys at the table if I could join in and he said "Sure, baby". So I leaned over and did a line. There was a rush through my entire body. It really woke me up. And I laughed.

"Thank you so much," I said to him. He was one of the nicest guys I'd ever met. I leaned over to Paul and told him how nice I thought the guy at the table was, and asked if he agreed with me.

"Sweetie, you have a low bar for nice," he said. 

And then something occurred to me and I asked him, "Where are we going by the way?"

"So glad you asked. I saw you standing on that balcony, all by your lonesome, and thought it would be nice to introduce you to some of my good friends. They are in a back room, away from this crowd. Don't you think it's too crowded in here?"

I did think so and told him it was very thoughtful of him.

He led me into a bathroom in the third room. The lights in the room had be dimmed until it was almost dark. There were five guys standing in the room, naked, stroking themselves. When they saw me come inside, they exchanged glances with each other, smiling.

Paul twirled me around. My dress flew up and I got embarrassed, holding it down like Marilyn Monroe.

"Here she is boys. Enjoy."

They came over, one by one, and started feeling me all over. Just the touch of those manly hands on my body sent shivers of excitement down my spine. They lifted the dress over my head and carefully placed it on the bathroom floor.

"Thank you," I said to the gentleman who did that.

"The pleasure is mine," he said.

They removed my bra and panties and began rubbing my breasts and between the cheeks of my ass. It was more than I could take. I became wet. Very wet. They lowered me to the floor and another gentlemen laid down a towel for me to lie on.

"You are so kind," I told him.

The next thing I remember was a guy on top of me. He entered me and I asked for his name.

"Nobody, baby" he said, breathing heavily, pounding me hard.

That made me laugh out loud. In fact I laughed so hard, the man who was in my mouth had to pull out momentarily.

"Hey, don't stop," I told him, and he grabbed me by the chin and shoved it back in.

They surrounded me. I didn't know where one guy ended and another began. But I was in heaven. I was on the white sand beach staring at the blue and purple horizon. I felt no hunger. I felt nothing but pure ecstasy and bliss. I was surrounded by dear friends. The people I loved and who loved me in return, unconditionally.

But then I heard a commotion in the other room. The sounds were muffled. Then there was a loud crash and the sound of glass breaking. The guys I was with stood up and put on their clothes, very quickly. They left me lying there and darted from the bathroom. I was alone again. So I sat up and put on my dress. In the other room I heard angry shouting and more slamming of objects. It was only then I started to come out of the haze of the drugs I had taken. I looked around and noticed I was on the bathroom floor, which was strewn with beer bottles, cigarette butts, and used condoms.

I stumbled out of the bathroom and saw a crowd of people in the central room. Here the shouting was louder. I pushed my way through and saw Stephen and the other guys who had arranged this party. They were standing in the center of the crowd, all of them bloodied and bruised. Stephen's shirt had been torn at the collar. His tie was loosened around his neck. They looked afraid.

The older man who led me into the bathroom earlier, Paul, was standing in front of them, pointing his finger in Stephen's face and shouting.

"Listen motherfucker, cut the bullshit! That Rolex you took from me is worth twenty-five grand. Just come clean and do the right thing. You and your thugs used these whores to distract us, and then rifled through our shit. That was the racket all along, wasn't it? Now come clean before things really get ugly around here!"

I broke through the line surrounded Stephen and the others and confronted Paul.

"Sir, why don't you just calm down for a second? I'm sure your precious watch is fine. You probably just lost it."

The next thing I remember is seeing a flash of light and opening my eyes. I was on the floor. My jaw was throbbing in pain. Paul was standing over me, enraged. He looked at Stephen.

"Tell that whore to keep her fucking mouth shut! I'm not fucking around with you scum-sucking pieces of shit. I'm tired of playing games. Now there are ten of us here who are missing watches, wallets, cell phones, and cash money. Either cough it up or we're going to take it out of your ass. The choice is yours, compadre."

Stephen looked at me, disgusted. Then he looked at his partners and shook his head. Then he addressed Paul.

"We don't know nothing about your missing articles, sir. We organized this party and set out food and drinks. Anything beyond that is not our responsibility. I'm afraid you'll have to take it up with the management of the hotel."

Violence erupted. I covered my head as several of the guys standing around rushed Stephen and his partners. They beat them senseless, punching and kicking and stomping. Others jumped into the fray and did the same. I saw Stephen attempting to crawl out of the tangle of fighting men, but he was grabbed by the leg and jerked around like a doll. Seeing them do that to them, I got angry myself and jumped up. I tried to pull them off of Stephen but I was struck across the face by an overweight man wearing a suit. Then someone shouted.

"Watch out, he's got a knife!"

It was Stephen, crouching on the floor, his entire face bloody, his clothes ripped to shreds. The crowd of men surged backwards as he sliced the air around him. Though I didn't realize it at the time, I was standing behind the glass coffee table. the same overweight man who hit me a few moments ago tumbled backwards onto me, causing me to fall into the coffee table. It cracked into several pieces, and as I reached to brace myself during he fall, I turned and a thick shard sliced me across the left cheek. In an instant the carpet was covered in blood. It poured from my face like a faucet. There was so much  blood it had formed a reflective pool and I recognized my crimson reflection in it, before losing consciousness.

When I awoke I was in the emergency room. There were stitches in my face and bandages wrapped around me. A nurse came in and told me I was lucky to be alive. I had lost so much blood by the time they reached me, I was nearly dead. The cut had lacerated the muscles in my face. The nurse asked if I was in pain and I said yes, very much so, which was not a lie. She brought me Percocet and I asked her to give me double if she could. She took pity on me and gave them. It hurt to swallow the pain medication, but it took hold and I lost consciousness again. The next time I awoke I was alone. I sat up in the room, the lights were blinding. Across the hallway, I saw into another room. There was a girl in there who had a broken arm. Her family was with her. Mom, dad, and who I took to be her little brother. They were just sitting there, not doing anything in particular. They were just together. The girl looked up at me and saw that I was looking at them. Then her father saw me and stood up and closed the door.

It was morning. I left the emergency room and took a cab to the hotel to get my car. Then I drove home and discovered my power had been shut off. I washed myself with a rag in the sink in the dark, not wanting to wet the bandages or the fresh wound on my face.














The only thing that helps at all is visiting the man in the room. Stephen doesn't believe he exists. He rolls his eyes every time I bring him up. Calls me crazy. But when it's really bad, when the hunger is too much for me to take, I go there, and just seeing him makes it better. It's sad to say but he's the best thing in my life, and I feel so grateful he is there.
