
Sixteen

  It was past five. To his west, the evening sun hovered just above the forested hills of the Appalachians, casting long shadows from the billboards and passing vehicles onto the road in front of him. Traffic was sparse. He was in West Virginia, headed northbound on Interstate 79. He had been driving for eight hours straight. His back ached and his feet were sore, but he had decided not to stop until he reached his destination.
    He saw the sign for Exit 96, South Weston, and put on his blinker. From the exit he turned north and drove on a winding county road that ran alongside a river on his left, until he reached US Highway 19, which took him the rest of the way into the city of Weston, a rural town with a population of a few thousand people. He passed through a residential area and entered the downtown. When he saw the sign for "Historic Asylum Tours" and an arrow pointing down E Second St, he pulled into the parking lot of Saint Patrick Catholic Church on the corner.
  Next to him on the passenger seat was an aluminum baseball bat and a canvas satchel. Inside the satchel was an envelope from the bank. Inside the envelope was eighty-five hundred dollars. He had taken it from his savings account, which now held a balance of exactly five-hundred and twenty seven dollars and eighty-eight cents. To buy the book was going to cost him nearly everything he had. Was it worth that much? He had no way to know for sure. But the promise of answers to his questions was too strong for him to turn away now. Also, he was sure that if the book turned out to be real, he could convince Susan Burrows and her colleagues to buy it from him and get his money back. 
  If.
  He grabbed the phone from cubby on the center console and reviewed the instructions he had been sent:
  
  71 Asylum Dr, Weston, WV 26452
  Jan 23 6:45pm
  Park at Swisher Feed
  Cross street
  Building with rusted door
  Wait inside
  Bring money
  Come alone
  
  Not much to go on. Before he left he had looked up a map of the area and found the Saint Patrick church, which was a walkable distance from where he had been told to park, at the Swisher Feed and Supply store. It felt safer that way.
  On the sidewalk an old woman walked past the Jeep. She was hunched over and carried a little hand purse. Her eyes cut over to him and he smiled and nodded at her, but her eyes went straight ahead without acknowledging him at all. She stopped at the traffic light and crossed over to the other side and went into a place called Deb's Diner.
  This downtown area was a lot like the one where he grew up in Georgia: Vacant streets and old buildings, most of them boarded up or in disuse. The few businesses there were felt temporary, as if they could shutter any time, with dusty window displays and ill-conceived signage.
  The only thing this town seemed to have going for it was the asylum, which he had also researched beforehand on Wikipedia.
  
The Trans-Allegheny Lunatic Asylum, subsequently the Weston State Hospital, was a Kirkbride psychiatric hospital that was operated from 1864 until 1994 by the government of the U.S. state of West Virginia, in the city of Weston. Weston State Hospital got its name in 1913 which was used while patients occupied it, but was changed back to its originally commissioned, unused name, the Trans-Allegheny Lunatic 	Asylum, after being reopened as a tourist attraction.

Designed by Gothic Revival and Tudor Revival styles by Baltimore architect Richard Snowden Andrews, it was constructed from 1858–1881. Originally designed to hold 250 people, it became overcrowded in the 1950s with 2,400 patients. It was forcibly closed in 1994 due to changes in patient treatment. The hospital was bought by Joe Jordan in 2007, and is opened for tours and other events to raise money for its restoration. The hospital's main building is claimed to be one of the largest hand-cut stone masonry buildings in the United States, and the second largest hand-cut sandstone building in the world, with the only bigger one being in the Moscow Kremlin. As Weston Hospital Main Building, it was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1990.
  
  At a quarter after six he shouldered the satchel, grabbed the bat, and locked up the Jeep. He crossed the street going north, past Deb's Diner, and walked over a bridge, under which flowed the same river he had passed on the way into town. By now the sun had dropped below the mountains and the sky was darkening into twilight. It was freezing cold and his breath was visible in the air.
  He passed a local grocery store called the Shop n Save and the Fisher Auto Parts store before seeing the red sign for Swisher Feed and Supply. On his left he saw the wide open yard in front the asylum, dotted with bare trees. There was a short black gate around the circumference of the grounds. The asylum seemed out of place inside a rural town in the hills of West Virginia, so stately and austere. It would have felt more at home in Victorian England over a hundred years ago.
  At the feed store he spotted a gravel road across the street. It ran behind the asylum grounds. There were a few buildings which looked to house public services. He crossed over, having to wait for a few cars to pass. He felt conspicuous holding the bat and did the best he could to hide it under his arm. On the road the same black gate was all that separated him from the grounds. But there were no buildings here. Ahead of him he saw a metal gate across the road. There were some orange construction barriers on either side of the gate. He assumed its purpose was to prevent vehicle thru traffic, but there was nothing to keep a pedestrian out.
  Beyond the gate the road continued. Here the gravel stopped and there only was old, broken pavement. The grass was overgrown. After glancing at the time on his cell phone, he quickened his pace. He approached a few buildings. They looked old. Laid with sandstone bricks they were no doubt from the time of the original construction. The doors had been painted white at one time, but were now yellowed with age and flaking off, exposing the wood or metal underneath. None of the doors were rusted.
  Eventually he came to the end of the grounds, where there was another gate and orange barriers. He turned around, confused. He looked at the time and saw he only had another five minutes until he was supposed to be meeting for the exchange.
  "God fucking damnit," he said aloud, "Why does shit like this always happen to me? Of course there's no rusted door. Fucking of course. Why would there be? That would be too simple."
  He returned the way he had come, looking hard at all the doorways, which was becoming more difficult in the growing darkness. And then, about in the middle of the rows, he spotted a tiny building away from the main row. It looked like a shed that may have been used to store landscaping and gardening equipment. There were double wooden doors on the front, but on the side was a squat metal door, rusted over. He waded through the tall grass and stood in front of it, hesitating. He pulled the flashlight from his pocket and shone it over the surface to make sure it really was rusted, and it was, but then he noticed something else. At this distance, he could see there was a symbol scratched into the door, like it had been etched with the blade of a knife, sloppy but perfectly recognizable. It was the symbol from the pendant. He took a deep breath, attempting to calm his pounding heart, and turned the knob.
  The door opened into a cavernous space the size of an auditorium. The ceilings were high, with exposed wooden rafters, some rotted and fallen in. The walls were mottled with peeled paint, mildew, and creeper vines. Along the walls were windows, opaque with dust and grime, which admitted no light. The floors were checkered marble, but were completely covered with debris, old hospital equipment, and broken plaster from the walls and ceiling. The air was stale and filled with dust, which he had stirred up himself when entering. On either side of the space were open corridors, leading into darkness. It was clear this was some kind of central lobby of a much larger structure.
  In the center of the room was a raised platform, upon which was the statue of a figure about twelve feet tall. But it was obscured in the dim light of the space, so he couldn't make out what it was from where he was standing. He went around the front of the platform and gazed upwards at it. But even up close the figure remained inscrutable. Its shape was vaguely humanoid, having a head, torso, and two arms and legs, but beyond that he could tell nothing about it or what it was meant to represent.
  He walked towards the entrance, where two enormous doors had fallen from their hinges across the doorway. Between the gaps where doors had fallen he saw a courtyard overgrown with briars and plants he could not place and bathed in a hellish glow from a fire he could not see.
  Behind him was a crash and crumbling sound. His heart jumped because he knew what the sound was before he even turned around. And it was. The figure had come down from the raised platform and was headed towards him. He fell backwards and sliced him arm on some rocky debris, horrified and paralyzed with fear.
  To his right was a corridor. It was the only avenue open to him, so he took it. He scrambled to his feet and swung the aluminum bat towards the figure, trying to give himself some time, and took off in the direction of the corridor. He passed by rows of rusted wheelchairs and toppled them in his path. It was impossible to see where he was going, but he ran hard, as hard as he could.
  With a glance backwards he saw the figure was following him. They were in a long hallway, with high ceilings. He had to step carefully to avoid tripping over obstacles in his path. He came to an area with a large wooden nurses station and beyond it another hallway, smaller than this one. In a few seconds he formulated a plan to turn into the hallway and then quickly backwards and dive under the station table, in order to trick it, and go another direction entirely. He didn't even have enough time to hope it would work.
  He waited until he was just past the station and turned abruptly towards the hallway, catching himself against the opposite wall. It took all his strength to maintain the momentum and push off the wall down the hallway, without slowing down, but he managed to do it. Once he was a few feet down the hallway and far enough he thought he would be out of sight from the figure, he planted both feet into the floor and jerked himself backwards, twisting as he landed. He hit the ground with a thud and crawled under the nurse station table.
  As soon as he heard the figure approach and head down the hallway he leapt up and continued back the way he came. But the figure had not been fooled for long and had doubled-back also. He had gained about twenty yards on it and looked behind to see where it was, and not seeing it anywhere, panicked.
  When he turned back around he noticed he could no longer see the corridor stretching in front of him. Instead he was looking at the ceiling with its exposed rafters. At his feet was a window and he reacted quickly to jump over it. He had run up the side of the corridor wall, as if it were part of the floor. Disoriented, his stomach lurched and he threw up, the vomit falling behind him towards the actual floor which was now fifteen feet below him. His legs turned weak and he dropped to his knees, grabbing hold of a lamp on the wall for support. The figure was below, staring up. And then it too ascended the wall. 
  Though he was still dizzy he got to his feet and ran. When he reached the ceiling he kept going and found himself balancing on the rafters. He looked up and saw the checkered marble floor of the corridor, the figure not far behind. Before long he re-entered the central lobby, where he had first arrived. The ceiling rafters were broken and he had to make a jump to the next one. He leapt without thinking and slipped. He managed to grab hold of some wiring that hung down and pulled himself up to the next rafter. Behind him he heard the figure. He turned and saw it running on the ceiling the same as him, balancing on the rafters.
  In the center of the lobby, on the ceiling, was a gigantic brass chandelier, tarnished and water-stained. It hung by a single large chain. He got as close to the chandelier as he could and grabbed hold of it, his plan to swing to the opposite side and hopefully put some distance between them. But as he swung using the entire weight of his body, his legs went out from under him and he lost his grip on the chandelier. He was able to hold on by one hand, dangling from a candlestick limb.
  The figure was upon him, on the other side of the chandelier. It took hold of it and began to rock it back and forth, creating a wide arc that made it very difficult to hold on. And then he felt his grasp slip and it was over. He fell. It was forty feet  to the marble floor. In an instant he accepted that he was going to die and braced himself for the inevitable impact.
  At the last moment he looked down and saw the ground rushing up and then there was darkness and pressure. But he was alive, his bones were not broken. He moved his limbs and they moved as you would move underwater, slowly and with resistance. He kicked his legs and they moved the same. Then he realized he was underwater. Or, not water, but a viscous fluid of some kind. Like mud. Accidentally he inhaled and choked. The taste of it was bitter, a combination of dirt, rock, and wood. He could see nothing around him. Nor could he tell which direction he was facing. And he needed air. He swam upwards, flailing his arms and legs furiously. 
  At last he broke the surface and found he was still in the central lobby. More specifically he was in the floor of the lobby. The marble and debris of the floor undulated from his treading motions. He reached for a nearby bench to pull himself out, but his hand went through right through it, swirling the substance of the bench with the surrounding air, which had also become viscous. After a few moments the bench settled back into its previous shape as if nothing had happened. He inhaled and discovered he was able to breathe this thick atmosphere, feeling only a little pressure in his chest. So at least that was consistent, even if nothing else was.
  He remembered the figure and looked up towards the chandelier, where he had fallen from. The figure was there, clawing its way through the viscosity towards him. It moved slowly, but with ferocity. It was getting closer.
  A thought occurred to him. He wondered if this new state would permit him to move through walls, even floors, at will. He took a deep breath and dove back into the floor, kicking his legs around so that he was facing the opposite direction and swam downwards. It was black. He felt the heavy pressure of his surroundings and became vaguely aware he was swimming through marble, concrete, and piping.
  He broke through the ceiling of the basement floor. It was dim, but there was reddish light seeping around the edges of a boarded window. He took a breath of air and swam into the room, floating in the space between the ceiling and floor. Around him were the remains of toilets, sinks, and wooden partitions. He swam into the hallway. It was long, illuminated by the same hellish light from outside. Unsure where to go he continued down the hall, passing the morgue, a common area filled with chairs, and a reception area.
  Behind him he heard a noise. The figure was there, following. His heart jumped and without thinking he began to run. His arms and legs pumped but he moved through the viscous air as if it were molasses. He realized his mistake and switched to swimming through the hallway, increasing his speed, but not by much. But the figure had gained some ground. From its direction came a watery and horrifying moaning sound, which he guessed to be screaming at its point of origin.
  There was nowhere to go. Nowhere to hide from it. The figure could follow him anywhere in the asylum. But maybe there was something he could do. Somewhere he could go where the figure could not. He swam into a room where the orange light was brighter, and once inside he kept swimming directly into the window. And through it. Onto the ground with a thud.
  He was outside the walls, facing the sandstone bricks, the creeper vines, and staring at his reflection in the window panes. Inside he saw the figure, floating, looking at him. Unable to cross the boundary of the asylum building. For a moment he was relieved, he was safe again, his feet on solid ground. But something caught his attention in the glass pane, a reflection of something awful. He turned around.
  It was a wasteland. The entire asylum was burning. The grass was charred, the trees were cindered. Flames erupted from the windows of every building except the one he had just exited.
  But it was not only the asylum that burned. He looked beyond the gates and saw Swisher Feed and Supply, porch collapsed, its roof engulfed. He saw the Shop n Save, or what used to be the Shop n Save, because all that was left of it was a pile of ash and rubble. All the buildings of the town of Weston, all the signs and traffic lights, were burning.
  But it was not only the town of Weston that burned. He looked further, to the rise of the hills and mountains beyond, and saw that they too were burning. The trees of the forest were enflamed, emitting ash and smoke that rose into the sky above Weston. The sky glowed orange, overcast with clouds of ash and burning embers.
  And though he could see no further than the mountains which surrounded Weston, he knew it was not only the mountains of the Appalachians that was on fire. It went beyond them. To the state of Virginia. To the United States of America. To the Western Hemisphere. To the Earth. It was all burning. There was nowhere to go. Nowhere to escape from it. He knew this to be unavoidable and true. Like the knowledge you were going to die.
  He walked the grounds and came to the fountain in front of the central building. From here he could appreciate the symmetrical architecture of the Kirkbride design. There were flames pouring from the windows. The white steeple and spire that rose above the central building had charred and collapsed inward. Soon the fire would enter the asylum walls and burn it to the ground forever.
  None of this he understood. Something about this place distorted his thought process, so that he couldn't think clearly, much like the woods surrounding the Kroger on Ponce de Leon. But focusing on the problem, he had a moment of clarity and realized he needed to get back inside the asylum, inside the central lobby, in order to return from the same door he had entered. It seemed like the obvious thing to do, but in the moment it felt like discovery the existence of gravity. It meant facing the figure but he had no choice.
  He walked towards the collapsed front doors. Using all his strength he was able to pry an area large enough to crawl through, and he did so.
  Inside he scanned the room for the figure but didn't see it. He looked for the door he had first entered through and did not see it. In that direction he walked, his eyes slowly accustoming to the dim light. Then he spotted it, off to the side, the squat rusted door. It was about fifteen yards away. He walked towards it, looking at his feet the whole time, unsure if the floor was stable. But it was solid ground. He walked and walked but when he looked up he saw the door was still fifteen yards away. He quickened his pace and kept his eyes forward and still made no progress towards the door.
  The hair on his neck bristled. He jerked around and saw a face down the far corridor, visible in the darkness. Only a face. Looking at him. His heart pounded in his chest. His breaths turned rapid and shallow. All his muscles tensed. And he ran as fast as he could, towards the door. At his feet he saw the marble floor moving beneath him like a treadmill. There were obstacles in his way -- a toppled chair, a broken vase, a pile of rubble. He dodged everything in his path. But when he looked up he saw the door was at the same distance.
  A sense of hopelessness came over him. Without understanding why, he knew he could run for a million years and never reach the door. It could never be reached. Once more he turned around to look at the face. He knew it would be there. And it was.
  It was closer now. Closer to him. But it never seemed to move or to hurry at all. Indeed, it had no legs. But it was closer. Of that he was sure. It had grown in size. He was free to look at it. To examine all of its details. Was it grinning? Yes it was. Or no, not really. He would not call it a grin. Was it angry? No. He saw no evidence of that.
  This was his new reality. He would always be running towards the door. Running but never arriving. From now on. He accepted that. And the face would always be there, following him. Getting closer.
  He was tired. Sweat ran into his eyes. His legs were aching. There were blisters on his ankle. Again he turned to look at the face. It was closer still. Very large in fact. He wondered what would happen if he stopped running. Even for a moment. Just to rest. To catch his breath. But he knew what would happen. It was no secret. There was even a voice inside him, a small voice, that wanted him to stop. The voice had always been there. But now it was louder. That was the only difference. He decided to listen to it. To rest. Only momentarily, then he would continue running. He planted both feet and turned around in expectation.
  It was there. Only now that he had stopped was it plain to see. The face was the figure, and the figure was the face. They were one and the same. Now that it had arrived it revealed itself to him.
  It had the shape of a man. It had the shape, but at the same time it was not a man. It was a system of blood vessels and a network of nerves. That was all it was. Its veins and arteries were throbbing, pumping blood from a beating heart, and the peripheral nerves were transmitting electrochemical signals to a spinal cord and to a thinking brain. It was alive and now upon him. It had eyes, and they were looking at him. They were insane eyes, full of violence. In its hand it held a blade. A shard of bone. Jagged and sharp.
  He felt the blade pierce his gut, and afterwards the sickly smooth motion of it pulling out of him. An intense pain followed, causing him to groan reflexively. He was stabbed again. This time in the lungs, through his rib cage. The jab was quick and strong. Another in his heart. He held up his arms  to prevent any more and the blade sliced through his jacket into the flesh of his forearm, cutting a gash from which dark blood poured.
  Falling to the ground, he found the aluminum bat nearby and swung it wildly towards the abomination, in a last act of desperation. It was merely swiped away. He was stabbed again and doubled over, clutching himself, bleeding out on the marble floor. There was a rock at his head. He hurled it with all his strength. It struck a grimy window near the entrance, shattering a pane into pieces.
  A beam of sunlight poured into the shed. Hung on the wall was a shovel, pick, rake, and hoe. On a shelf were various garden tools. On the dirt floor was a bag of mulch and a couple of old-fashioned push mowers. Near the mowers, lying on the ground, was a black albino man, unfamiliar to him, wearing a thrift-store suit. He was in a fetal position and surrounded by a pool of blood. In his hand was the aluminum baseball bat. The man rolled over and looked up at him, grinning, but obviously in great pain. He looked at his hand and saw a knife covered in blood. He dropped the knife and went out the door. Before he left he took one glance back at the albino and saw that he was laughing. Laughing at him.
  It was morning. The sky was a pale mixture of gray and pink. His feet crunched over the frost on the grass and the drive as he made his way off the grounds. At the road, cars and trucks went by, on their way to work. He crossed and continued down the sidewalk, pulling his jacket tightly around him.
  As he approached Deb's Diner on his left, he smelled the aroma of brewed coffee and fried bacon. His stomach growled. He had not eaten anything since the afternoon before. A part of him wanted to leave this strange and godforsaken town, but another part wanted a return to normalcy. He went inside and found a table in the corner. The waitress brought a menu. He asked for coffee. When she returned with the coffee, he asked for two eggs over medium, a side of bacon, and hash browns. He gave her back the menu, his hand trembling. The waitress noticed this, but pretended not to, smiled, and said his order would be out shortly.
  This wasn't real. That was what he thought as he looked around the diner and at the patrons having breakfast. This was a dream. And the man in the shed. He wasn't real either. He wasn't bleeding to death at this moment. That hadn't really happened. He was fine. He had been laughing, after all.
  A man in coveralls and a John Deere cap stood at the register and glanced in his direction. He tried to appear normal, but the more normal he tried to appear the more he trembled. Not only his hands. He was trembling all over. He couldn't stop. He poured half and half and a few packet of sugar into the coffee and stirred it with a spoon. He saw his waitress talking to the man at the counter. Ever so often they looked in his direction and he knew they were talking about him.
  He pulled a twenty from his wallet and set it under the cup of coffee. Then he got up and walked out of the diner. He waited at the crosswalk for the light and then crossed over to the parking lot of the Saint Patrick Catholic Church. The windows of the Jeep were frosted over. He got inside and set the satchel on the passenger seat and turned on the heat full blast. 
  Then he broke down. He wept. Tears ran down his cheeks. He trembled uncontrollably and held himself with both arms. He found it hard to breathe and had to gasp a few times for enough air. Flashes of the horrible things he had seen in the asylum went through his mind. He was losing it. Inside, it felt like he had come to the precipice of a bottomless chasm, staring into the darkness of its depths. One more step, that was all, and he would fall in, and he knew that once he did he would fall forever.
  Twenty minutes later the cabin of the Jeep was warm and the frost on the windows had melted and rays of the morning daylight shone in, blinding him. He put down the visor and put on his sunglasses. He picked up the map from the console and saw the satchel on the passenger seat, remembering the actual purpose of this trip. The satchel was bulkier and heavier than it ought to have been. He unbuckled the straps and reached inside. It was the book.
  

