
Seventeen

July 2

Found this diary underneath a laundry basket of clothes that don't even fit me anymore. I guess you could say it's been a minute. But here I am. Last time I wrote was the day I moved in here with Stephen. That was over a month ago. Feels like longer. It's a small one-room with a kitchenette and a bathroom with a toilet that doesn't flush half the time. Only one bed, but there's a cot I sleep on. We tried sleeping in the same bed for a few nights, but I toss and turn and Stephen couldn't sleep. This place is a real shithole. Just a bunch of Mexicans and lowlifes is all it is. I'm ready to move somewhere better, but unfortunately don't have any money right now. Even worse I've been stuck inside for the last two days. Recuperating from a broken collarbone and a few bruised ribs, or they could be broken too. I don't really know. All I know is Ibuprofen doesn't help the pain one bit. Weed helps, but that's in short supply. Stephen doesn't want me to show my face right now. He doesn't even want me walking to the Dollar General down the road. “Might look suspicious,” he says. But he doesn’t know. Just makes it up as he goes along. I know that. He doesn’t own me. 

It's so boring here. All there is to do is sit and look out the window. A couple moved in across the parking lot. This Mexican guy and his pregnant girlfriend. Or it could be his wife. I don't know. She's annoying as hell. The first thing she did was set out all these plants and succulents in front of their room. The next day I saw she had new orange curtains and matching chairs out front. Last she hung a little arrangement of flowers on the door, and a wooden sign with cursive writing that says, "Home is not a place. It's a feeling". She sits outside most of the day and talks on the phone, laughing like nobody can see her stupid ass. And when her man gets back from work in the evening she greets him at the door with a kiss and they sit outside and eat dinner together. Every. Single. Day. I don't know. There's just something about her I can't stand. Like she thinks she's too good to be here or something.

Okay. If I'm gonna write in this diary then I guess I better write about everything that's happened since my last entry.

It really went downhill once my car broke down. That was a few weeks ago. The garage told me the engine had seized up because of an oil leak I didn't even know about. $1250 to replace the engine from a junkyard. That was the cheapest anybody would do the job. Neither me or Stephen could afford that. Not even close. My savings had run out. We had already pawned my television and stereo from the old apartment and used that to pay for rent and other things. Stephen was broke too. But he didn't really care about the car. His license had been revoked a few years ago, after so many DUIs, so he was used to bumming rides from his friends or riding the bus. All he cared about was getting money for our next score. None of his connections would help him out anymore, since he had robbed them all, one by one.

I did what I could. I put up an ad on Craigslist and hooked up with men in their cars. Or took a cab to their place. Or wherever. That helped us to pay the rent each week, and to score on a regular basis, but wasn't enough to fix my car. Even that was getting harder to do for me, if I'm honest. Whenever a man saw the gross scar on my face, or how thin I was compared to the photos in the ad, they always looked disappointed and angry, "You don't look nothing like your photos," they said. Most of them just walked away, cussing me out, calling me a drug addict and a whore.

But I'm not. I know I'm not. Deep down. Those are things I do. Not what I am. The things I have to do to survive don't define me as a human being. Even though I know I shouldn't let it bother me, especially from some pervert asshole, it hurts to be judged like that. It's like they're saying to you, "This is all you are and all you ever were and all you will ever be, until the day you die." The thing is, I'm not ashamed of what I have to do to numb the feeling inside of me. I'm used to it by now. It's always there, gnawing away at me, eating me, from the inside out. To be honest, it doesn't even bother me anymore, because I know how to deal. I lose myself. In sex. In drugs. Whatever it takes. I lose myself completely. I don't care anymore. I'm free of care. I'm free as a bird. Truly I am.

That went on for a couple weeks. I was able to earn a little but it ran dry pretty soon. Without any money to score we got more and more desperate. Finally, Stephen got mad and said we should just sell the car to make a few hundred dollars. Even if it was broken we could sell it for that. With that we'd be able to pay the week's rent and then get high as a fucking kite, in his words. But I really didn't want to give up my car. It was about the only thing I had left of my own and I really didn't want to give it up. I said let me try one more thing. He asked me what, and I said "Don't worry about it."

I sent my sister a text. We hadn't spoken since I moved out, but she responded right away. I asked if she would meet me and she wrote back, "Anytime, anywhere." So I asked her to meet me the next day at the Chevron station a few blocks from the Crown Inn. That way I could just walk down there. She agreed.

The next day I went down there and saw her car already in the parking lot. She watched me cross the parking lot. When I got close she got out of the car and I could see that she had been crying. She dried her eyes and we hugged. Then we went inside  to a little kitchen in the back that served homemade arepas, run by a family of Colombians. We ordered and sat down to talk.

Melanie apologized for being so hateful about the power bill. She said she had her own things going on and lashed out at me. But she did apologize. I told her it was okay. There was some awkward silence as she looked me up and down.

"Abigail, where did you get that scar? My God. Did somebody cut you? I barely recognized you in the parking lot just now. You don't look well. You can't weigh more than eighty pounds. Are you sick? Do you have enough to eat?"

She noticed the bruises on my forearm and gripped my arm, roughly, rolling up the sleeves. She saw the marks and looked at me, helplessly, tears welling in her eyes.

"Be honest with me. I mean really tell me the truth. Have you been shooting drugs? Is that what these marks are from?"

I told her I didn't come here to be judged. Then I told her all about the car and how it would really help me out right now if she could loan me $1250 temporarily, until I get back on my feet. I even offered to pay her back with interest. When I finished she was quiet and wouldn't say anything. She looked down at the arepa on the table, then towards the restrooms, then out the window at the cars in the parking lot. She looked everywhere except at me, which made me feel very isolated and disrespected.

"Say something, Melanie!" I shouted. 

Several people in the store looked over at us. But my sister did look at me after that. She took my hand.

"Calm down. It's going to be okay. Just calm down."

She took another moment and looked at me very seriously. I could tell whatever was going to come out of her mouth next would not be good. And it wasn't.

"Abbie, I want you to come back with me. Right now. Wherever you're staying right now. I don't care. I don't want to know about it. Let's go back to the apartment. Right now. I had the power turned back on after you texted me. You can stay there for as long as you need to. I will help you get your car fixed, whatever you need I am here for you."

It was then I sensed a "But" coming, and it did.

"But here's the thing. You need to admit you have a problem. You need to agree to enter a rehabilitation program. And stop associating with the people you're in with now. Your enablers. I spoke about it with Dave and he is willing to help pay for the rehab, even though it's expensive. I'm very worried about you, sister. I don't want to see you go down this road. I'm afraid of what's going to happen. We love you and we are here for you. All of us. Just the other day Grant asked me where Aunt Abbie was and I didn't know what to tell him. I just cried."

We sat there, neither one of us saying anything. A few times I was about to say something but then stopped. I'll be honest. A lot of what she said sounded good to me. I'm not too proud to admit that. Things were not going very well for me, in that moment. But here's the thing. If I accepted that, moved back into the apartment under those conditions, she would control every aspect of my life. I would be living under her thumb. I wouldn't even be able to take a shit without her signing off on it first. And I don't want that. To the core of my being I don't want that. I wanted to say all that to her face, so that she'd know why I was refusing her offer, but I knew she wouldn't hear anything I had to say. She'd already written me off as somebody who needed to be taken care of, not an equal who deserved respect. So I figured what's the point. I got up and left.

She followed me of course. She begged me to reconsider. She apologized again for making me upset. She said that wasn't her intention. I kept walking, down the sidewalk, back to the Crown Inn. That was the last time I saw or spoke to Melanie. I blocked her number after that.

That night Stephen convinced me to sell the car. We put up an ad and by the next day someone had already come by to load it onto a trailer. We got $2500 for it, which would allow us to pay rent and get high for a couple months. That was a good feeling.

Stephen went out to score an eight ball and we shot up that same night. By three in the morning, both of us were bouncing off the walls, tweaking like crazy. Coming up with all kinds of plans to make money. Stephen got an idea which would allow us to make a lot of money and keep us high for a long time.

His plan was simple. We'd take some of the money we now had and rent out another room, under a false name, put up an ad on Craigslist using some of my old photos and a burner phone. Then when the johns came, I'd meet them at the door, get them undressed and vulnerable. At that point Stephen would burst in and we'd rob them of their wallets, phones, watches, and whatever else they had on them. These guys would be so ashamed   they wouldn't go to the cops. They'd go back to their car and drive away. Plus, once we had their wallet we could use their ID to blackmail them into silence if we had to. If we were really smart we'd also rotate rooms at a few different places. 

At first light I went to the front office. There was an old Indian man at the counter, behind plexiglass, drinking coffee. I asked him for a room for a week. He told me how much and asked for my identification, but I told him I didn't any actual identification right now, but that I was happy to give him the information. At first he refused. He pointed to a cardboard sign on the counter where it was written in marker, "Must have ID to rent room. No exceptions." But I offered him an extra fifty for the week and he agreed. I gave him a bullshit name and address and he handed me the keys to room 103.

When I got back Stephen had already put up an ad on Craigslist, using some of my more sexy photos and a provocative message about what services I would provide. He was always better at writing that stuff than me. He told me to go to the room and hide some weapons around the room. A can of mace, a couple knives, and a small pistol for my own safety. He told me to keep that in a place where I could get to it in case something went wrong.

I went to 103 and turned on the air conditioner. It was hot. The room was like ours, with a single bathroom, small kitchenette, and a queen-sized bed against the wall. There was also a low dresser with a television on top. The room smelled vaguely of old cigarettes and piss. I hid the weapons around the room, imagining how various scenarios could play out.

Then I went back to our room and we both waited, shooting up to maintain our high. Four or five hours passed. It was midday and very hot outside. We got a few texts that didn't lead to anything. By now we were both on the comedown and I was beginning to feel the twitches in my arms and neck. About that time the phone lit up with a new text.

Saw yr ad. Are you still available?

Stephen responded.

Yes baby. 150 per hour

They texted back and forth, he wanted more photos to make sure I was real, and finally Stephen told the guy to come to the Crown Inn on Buford and text again when he got there. He told me to go to the room and get ready.

"Make yourself sexy. Your job is to make him feel comfortable, like it's the real deal. If you act suspicious he's gonna run and this ain't gonna work. Understand?"

I told him I did. Then I went to the room and slipped on a red nightie. Then I put on some lipstick and eye shadow and a little foundation to cover up my scar. And some perfume.

The twitches were pretty bad by that point. I was feeling that tension in my face and my shoulder blades. In the rush to get to the room I had forgotten to take a Xanax to calm down. I turned off all the lights except for a lamp on the nightstand. The dimness of that light made everything look romantic. I sat down on the bed, butterflies in my stomach. It was like it was my first time, even though I had done things like this many times before.

Pretty soon I got a text from Stephen that the guy was on the way. I went to the window and saw a fat guy in camo shorts, faded blue t-shirt, and a fedora walking across the parking lot. He looked really nervous, cutting his eyes from side to side, making sure nobody was watching. When he got to the door I stood back and waited for the knock. I looked through the peephole and saw him just standing there. When he finally knocked I waited for a few moments and then cracked the door, with the chain still attached.

"Hey, are you Scarlett?" he said, voice quivering.

"Yes I am baby," I told him, "Come on in."

He came in and sat on the bed as if the place belonged to him. He wouldn't look at me.

"Are you sure you're the same girl in the pictures?"

"Yes, that's me."

"Oh," he said, and then looked up, "Can I ask what happened to your face? I mean, the scar."

I gave him a sob story about being in a bad car accident. He seemed to believe that and apologized for bringing it up.

"Are you, okay?" he asked me. I could see in his eyes that he meant it sincerely. He was talking to me like a person and not as an object of fantasy.

"Sure I am," I said, "Don't worry about it, baby."

I sat down next to him on the bed.

He put his arm around my waist, rubbing up and down, but I immediately pulled away and stood up.

"Sorry baby, but I need to make sure you have the cash first, before we have any fun."

He put up both hands.

"Oh, I'm really sorry about that. This is my first time I've ever done this. And I'm kind of nervous about it."

I told him it was okay and that he should just put the money on the nightstand. He nodded and pulled out his wallet.

"150, right?" he said.

I told him it was and he set the money on the nightstand and sat back on the bed. I went to the nightstand, counted the money in front of him, and put it in my purse, which was on a stool in the kitchenette. I brought back a condom and threw it on the bed next to him. He looked at it but would still not look directly at me. I could tell he was disappointed. But he hadn't left so far and now that I had his money I knew he would't leave anytime soon. I went up to him and turned around and sat on his lap, rubbing him seductively. He put his hands around my waist and moaned a little.

A loud knocking came at the door. A second later the doorknob turned furiously and the door flung open. Stephen came in, wearing a black hoodie pulled up. He held a pistol in one hand. He shut the door behind him and started shouting.

"Hey motherfucker! What are you doing with my girl?"

I jumped off the guy and went to the corner and grabbed a knife from behind the nightstand, staying back.

The guy stood up, his hands raised.

"Hey hey, I'm sorry man. I didn't know who she was with or -"

Stephen cut him off, and jammed the gun in his face.

"Shut your fucking mouth! Gimme your wallet and that cell phone in your pocket."

A dark spot appeared on the front of his camo shorts and then a trickle of piss ran down his leg. He seemed in pain, eyes wincing, like he was about to cry. He handed over the wallet and phone, pleading to Stephen the whole time.

"Look man, I'm sorry about this. I'm a good person. You can have it all. Just take it. I'm just lonely. That's all. I'm just a lonely person."

Then he did cry. And something snapped in me. I went over to him and slapped him hard across the face.

"Quit your bitching," I shouted, "We got your driver's license, pervert, so we know where you live. You better not tell the cops or anybody else. Now get the fuck out of here and don't come back again!"

The guy opened the door and left without another word. We watched him out the window. He tripped over a curb and fell to his knees, but scrambled up again and took off, limping. We saw him get into a hatchback and drive off.

Stephen looked at me, smiling. In total we got the $150 plus a new iPhone and another $120 from the wallet. We'd be able to sell that iPhone for at least $500. We threw the wallet in the dumpster and went back to our room.

I was shaking all over. Still feeling that rage inside. Still seeing that fear in his eyes. After awhile I panicked that the guy was going to call the police on us. Stephen told me to take two Xanax and have some water. So I did. Then he tried to reassure me.

"Number one, that guy won't call the cops. Did you see how he pissed himself? And all that good person crap. He'll never mention it again in his life. Believe me. Number two, we probably shouldn't use the same room more than one day in a row. Not that we can't reuse it ever, but we need to let some time go by. Rent a room somewhere else if we need to. There's plenty of places. That way if somebody does call the cops they can't pin us down."

He leaned over and kissed my forehead.

"You're my golden ticket. You know that?"

I nodded, and then he whispered into my ear, gently.

"You are mine forever."

Soon the Xanax took effect and I felt it wrap around me like a warm blanket. Stephen had taken a few too and before long we had both collapsed onto the bed and dozed off.

We were awoken by the phone, a new text. Stephen rolled over and checked it, mumbling, "We got another one."

"Should we answer it?"

"Hells yeah," he said, still half asleep, "That's easy money."

Stephen made the arrangements, still in bed, and told me to go to 103 and wait for the text. 

I walked outside our room and saw the pregnant girl across the lot, sitting in the chair outside. She waved at me, but I ignored her and went to the room. The sun was going down, shining over the roof of the building across the way, which made it hard for me to see into the parking lot. I sat on the bed and waited.

A half hour later there came a rapid knock on the door. By then I had laid back on the bed and was nodding off. It startled me. I checked my phone and Stephen still hadn't texted.

I went to the door, locked the chain, and opened. There was a tall guy standing there, about thirty, attractive. He wore a dark blue suit and had a clean, professional hair cut.

"Scarlett?"

"Yep, that's me," I said, still a little groggy, "Come on in, baby."

As soon as he was inside he pulled out two bills from his wallet and set them on the dresser. He saw my face from the kitchenette and I could tell it caught him off guard. Then he looked me up and down, grinning.

"Scarlett. In a red gown even. I love that."

I smiled back and counted the money on the dresser. Then I placed it in my purse and got out a condom, tossing it on the bed. He took off his jacket and placed it on the nightstand. Then he sat on the bed and removed his shoes and placed them on the floor.

"So how are you this evening?" he asked, rolling up the sleeves of his shirt, "Been working hard?"

I shook my head and shrugged my shoulders.

"Look, baby, you gotta have a personality with me. When I decide to spend my hard-earned money on somebody, I need them to treat me with a little respect, you know what I mean?"

"I guess," I said.

"What's your real name?"

"Scarlett."

"Bullshit," he said, and patted the mattress, wanting me to sit down next to him. So I did.

He put his arm around me and pulled me closer, smelling my hair.

"I like that perfume."

"Thanks."

"Did you count the money?"

"Yes."

"Did you notice I gave you more?"

"Yes."

"I gave you two hundred. That's fifty dollars extra. The thing is, if I give you extra, I want extra in return. You're okay with that right? It's no big deal."

I shrugged. 

"It depends what you want to do."

He started kissing me, licking up and down my neck and behind my ears. He gripped me hard around the waist. I broke free. I told him I thought I heard my phone and went to check it. I sent Stephen a text, "Where are u?"

The guy did not look happy.

"You know, that really gets my goat. Unprofessional behavior like that. I mean, if I ever did that in my line of work, interrupted a service in that rude manner, I'd go out of business. It's just unprofessional. You should do better by your customers. Now come back over here."

I went back to the bed and sat down. He ran his hand up my gown and started kissing me again, feeling my breasts. 

I began to realize that Stephen wasn't going to show up this time. He had probably fallen back asleep, after taking all that Xanax. A part of me decided to just go through with the trick. Just get it over with, take the $200, and go back. But then another part of me, the part that was like I was watching a movie of myself, decided this guy was probably loaded. Who knows how much that watch on his wrist was worth. Who knows how much money he had in his wallet.

The pistol I kept under the mattress on the other side of the bed. All I needed to do was roll over to that side, grab it, and roll off and point it.

It took a few minutes of heavy making out, but I finally got to that side. By then he had lifted my gown and was kissing my stomach. I reached over and felt for it. When I felt the cold metal I jerked it from the mattress, kicked him off of me, and rolled off the other side of the bed. I pointed the gun at him.

"Whoa, what the fuck?" he said, his eyes wide, hands raised.

"Shut the fuck up," I told him, "Give me your wallet and your phone and that watch too. Toss it all on the bed."

My heart was racing. I walked around the bed, to the door. I wanted to make sure he wouldn't take a stupid chance and dart out the door. It felt so strange to hold him under the gun like that. Instantly I was the one in control. A feeling of rage clawed at my insides, fighting to get out.

"Fucking do what I say, asshole!"

He shook his head, looking at the floor, as he removed his watch, and tossed everything onto the mattress. He muttered something I couldn't hear.

"What was that?" I asked.

He looked up, furious.

"Nothing," he said, "I said nothing. Happy?"

"Leave. Now." I said, gesturing to the door, "Remember we have your ID. We can find you if you go to the cops or tell anybody anything. We'll tell your family what you did, you sick pervert!"

He picked up his shoes, making sure I saw what he was doing, and then headed to the door. Just as he was about to open it, he swung around and knocked the gun out of my hand with one of his shoes. He grabbed both my arms and slammed me against the wall.

"You fucking bitch!" he said, seething with anger, "How dare you try to rob me! How dare you threaten to go to my family! I will fucking destroy you. I will fucking -"

He lost control and threw me across the room. I hit the counter of the kitchenette and felt my collarbone snap. I blacked out and when I came to he had me on the bed, on my stomach, penetrating me anally. He was growling and slobbering in anger. He was holding my arms behind me, to the point where they felt like they were going to break. All his weight was on top of me, pressing me into the pillow, suffocating me. After, he climbed off and hit me in the back of the head and I must have blacked out again, because when I woke up the room was empty. The door was cracked open.

I got to my feet and felt the sharp pain in my side, each time I took a step. I couldn't move my left shoulder, and I was bleeding down there. Somehow I made it to the door and held myself up against the wall, and like that I walked back to the room. Luckily there was nobody around. Except there was. My pregnant neighbor, she saw me as I came around the front. She dropped the phone and ran over to me.

"Oh my God," she said, horrified, "Are you okay? Do I need to call an ambulance?"

I told her to fuck off. I pushed her away, getting blood on her perfect little outfit. She backed up, eyes wide and a little hurt. She picked up the phone and went inside, latching the chain. Then I saw her peeking out the curtains at me.

When I got back I saw Stephen asleep on the bed. I started crying.

"Hey, asshole!" I said, sitting down against the door, hurting, "Hey fucking asshole! Stephen!"

He rolled over and wiped his eyes, completely unaware what was going on. He opened his eyes and when he saw me he got up.

"Oh my God, what happened?" he said.

"You weren't there! That's what happened."

I broke down, pushing him away. I asked him to get me to the emergency room. I told him I had been raped and how I was sure my collarbone was broken and maybe some ribs. He brought me some water and a towel and tried to clean me off. I pushed him away.

"Just call a cab. Fuck your help. I don't need your fucking help, you piece of shit! You weren't there when I needed you, so fuck off!"

He sat beside me and lifted my chin and looked me in the eyes. He was perfectly cold.

"You cannot go to the emergency room. If they see you they are going to ask questions, which could lead to the police, which would not be good for us. I know you are hurting right now, but I need you to understand that."

I looked at him in the eyes and spit in his face. The spit was mixed with blood from my beating.

"You don't care about me, Stephen. You never have. All you care about is getting high. You did this to me. You fucking asshole! This is all your fault."

I cried. He wiped the spit from his eyes and left me there.

"Do not go to the emergency room," he said from across the room, "I forbid you to do that."

I went outside and sat against our door and called a cab to pick me up. Fifteen minutes later a van pulled into the parking lot and I waved him down. Getting to my feet was difficult but I made it inside. The Indian driver looked at me, clearly concerned, but said nothing. Stephen opened the door and stood watching me. He didn't say anything, but he didn't have to. His eyes said everything. And somewhere I suppose I did understand how bad it would be for us if I did go to the emergency room. But I didn't go there. I went to him. 

Somehow I made it there. I don't know how. But I did. The cab let me off at he McDonald's on Ponce de Leon. That walk was the longest walk of my life. Through the woods. Pain at every step I took. Unbearable pain. But I made it to the door. I went inside. How can I describe the room, as it was then. It was nothing like it was at first. It was covered in some dense red-black fungus or plant life I had never seen before. Particles of illuminated dust floated in the air. And the quality of the air itself was suffocating, almost unbreathable. Creeping things were moving all around me, over my head, around my feet, brushing against my ankles, buzzing behind my ears. It took a few minutes for my eyes to become accustomed to the dimness in the room. When they did I saw the man. He was in the same spot, but he was not the same. His legs had fused with the dark tendrils on the floor. His skin had become translucent. Like a newborn frog. Inside I could see his organs, his brain and his heart and his lungs. They too were covered in the same dark material at my feet. His arms. The flesh of his arms had burst open and in place of them were two flailing tendrils, thick and covered with slime.

I approached him. He saw me, his face was the only thing still human about him. His eyes were hazy, but they widened when he saw me. He opened his mouth but he could no longer speak. All that came out was guttural croaking sound. It was obvious he was in a lot of pain.

And then, something occurred to me. Something that I had missed all along. But which became clear almost in an instant. Somehow this was all a part of what was happening to me. In my day to day life. And somehow the man in the room was related to me. And me to him. My understanding of this relationship was dim, like the lightbulb in room 103, but it was there. And I saw things in a much different way than I had before. As I reached out to hold him, to console him, those dark and fleshy tendrils wrapped gently around me.