
Eighteen

  The book on the kitchen table was smaller than he thought it would be, but very thick, well over a thousand pages. The pages  were loose and held between two boards which appeared to be made from the same chitinous substance as the pendant, smooth and dark. The boards and pages were bound using twine which ran crosswise and lengthwise, and knotted in the center. There were worn grooves at the edges of the boards, top and bottom, left and right, which years of binding had eroded. Etched into the the boards, front and back, were geometrical patterns he did not recognize, surrounded by the symbol he did recognize. The only writing on the boards was near the bottom of the front, carved precisely in tiny letters:
  
K'thadras Piy Gwam

  With a pair of scissors from the kitchen he clipped the twine (because the knot could not be undone) and lifted the front cover board. The first page was an ordinary sheet of notebook paper, with food stains on the edges, and sloppy handwriting that read like weird axiomatic philosophy.
  
"All existence is consumption and all that has ever existed is consumption and all that ever will exist is consumption and ceaseless devouring, to the end of time."

Then further down, a devotional prayer.

"Still we submit our offering in the hope one day He will know our presence and see that we are His true adherents. To Him we are like amoeba floating in stagnant waters. Less than amoeba. We are less than that. And yet we serve in perfect humility and we offer in faith eternal. K’thadras Piy Gwam."

  The phrase again. He didn't know what to make of it, but maybe it was important. He flipped through the pages and noted the pages were in reverse chronological order. The further he went the older the pages. A rich, nutty smell emanated from the yellowed pages near the end. These felt brittle, like dry leaves.
  From what he could tell the book was not organized by anything except time. Some pages were handwritten. Some typed. Some on thick paper. Some thin. White. Yellow. Blue. The content seemed equally chaotic. If one page was a confession the next would be a devotional. And if one page was a devotional the one after that would be a list of ingredients or an alternate history. The really bizarre ones were illustrations of fractals or of unsettling plant and animal life. Like nothing he had ever seen before.
  He scanned the pages, looking for anything that might help me understand the room behind the Kroger on Ponce de Leon. What he wanted was a guidebook, but this read more like scripture.
  
"One whose eyes gaze from this dimension into the next, into yet another, a billion times over, one from another and back again, even to the very beginning of time - where the true home of such a one?"

"In my dream I sought to know the nature of K'thadras and received this reply. Destroyer of the destroyed. Consumer of the consumed. Devourer of the devoured. Eater of the eaten.  Annihilator of the annihilated. Ravager of the ravaged. But also. Creator of the created. Artist of the artifact. Lover of the loved. Giver of the given. Revealer of the revealed."

  He could make no sense of it. He went to the kitchen and made a sandwich and took a cold beer from the fridge. When he returned he decided to try another approach. He would skim anything that struck him as pure devotion or revelation and look for ritualistic or historical fact. What he needed was concrete details how the organization functioned in the real world. Nothing so far was helping him achieve his goal to use the pendant to get into the room. But he was sure it must be there, somewhere. After flipping through page after page of various scripture, something caught his eye and he stopped. At the top of one page was a large swastika, drawn with talent and elaborate care.
  
  Hitler retreated to his Führerbunker in Berlin on 16 January 1945. It was clear to the Nazi leadership that the battle for Berlin would be the final battle of the war in Europe. Some 325,000 soldiers of Germany's Army Group B were surrounded and captured on 18 April, leaving the path open for American forces to reach Berlin. By 11 April the Americans crossed the Elbe, 100 kilometres (62 mi) to the west of the city. On 16 April, Soviet forces to the east crossed the Oder and commenced the battle for the Seelow Heights, the last major defensive line protecting Berlin on that side. By 19 April, the Germans were in full retreat from Seelow Heights, leaving no front line. Berlin was bombarded by Soviet artillery for the first time on 20 April, which was also Hitler's birthday. By the evening of 21 April, Red Army tanks reached the outskirts of the city.
  At the afternoon situation conference on 22 April, Hitler suffered a total nervous collapse when he was informed that the orders he had issued the previous day for SS-General Felix Steiner's Army Detachment Steiner to counterattack had not been obeyed. Hitler launched a tirade against the treachery and incompetence of his commanders which culminated in a declaration—for the first time—that the war was lost. Hitler announced that he would stay in Berlin until the end and then shoot himself. Later that day, he asked SS physician Dr. Werner Haase about the most reliable method of suicide. Haase suggested the "pistol-and-poison method" of combining a dose of cyanide with a gunshot to the head.
  By 27 April, Berlin was cut off from the rest of Germany. Secure radio communications with defending units had been lost; the command staff in the bunker had to depend on telephone lines for passing instructions and orders, and on public radio for news and information.
  Shortly after midnight on 29 April, he married Eva Braun in a small civil ceremony in a map room within the Führerbunker. Hitler then hosted a modest wedding breakfast with his new wife, after which he took secretary Traudl Junge to another room and dictated his last will and testament. It left instructions to be carried out immediately following his death, with Grand Admiral Karl Dönitz and Joseph Goebbels assuming Hitler's roles as head of state and chancellor respectively. He signed these documents at 04:00 and then went to bed. Some sources say that he dictated the last will and testament immediately before the wedding, but all agree on the timing of the signing.
  Hitler and Braun lived together as husband and wife in the bunker for less than 40 hours. By 01:00 on 30 April, General Wilhelm Keitel had reported that all of the forces on which Hitler had been depending to rescue Berlin had either been encircled or forced onto the defensive. At around 02:30, Hitler appeared in the corridor where about 20 people, mostly women, were assembled to give their farewells. He walked the line and shook hands with each of them before retiring to his quarters. Late in the morning, with the Soviets less than 500 metres (1,600 ft) from the bunker, Hitler had a meeting with General Helmuth Weidling, the commander of the Berlin Defence Area. He told Hitler that the garrison would probably run out of ammunition that night, and that the fighting in Berlin would inevitably come to an end within the next 24 hours. Weidling asked Hitler for permission for a break-out; this was a request he had unsuccessfully made before. Hitler did not answer, and Weidling went back to his headquarters in the Bendlerblock. At about 13:00 he received Hitler's permission to try a break-out that night. Hitler, two secretaries, and his personal cook then had lunch, after which Hitler and Braun said farewell to members of the Führerbunker staff and fellow occupants, including Bormann, Goebbels and his family, the secretaries, and several military officers. At around 14:30 Adolf and Eva Hitler went into Hitler's personal study.
  
  She was distraught, and would not listen to reason. Once in the chamber, she went to the bookshelf along the wall and pulled down a book. Spened it on the coffee table in the center of the room, sweeping the candles and a floral arrangement to the floor. He begged her to stop this insanity and accept reality, even gripping her by the arm. But she was adamant and broke free and returned to the book. She flipped through the pages until she found what she was looking for, a ritual text in that arcane language she had been studying for years. She met his gaze, a faint disdain in her eyes.
  "You never believed," she said, "You only pretended. But I know you. You believe in nothing."
  He knelt beside her.
  "If this is what you want, I will do it," his voice was shaky. "I love you, Eva."
  Her breathing was hard.
  "This is the way, my love."
  Her eyes dropped to the text and followed the writing with a finger. Then she got to her feet, went to the center of the room and cleared an area, pushing back a table and chair and folding the Persian rug in half and half again and pulled it out of the area. Under the rug was a light rectangle which the rug had sheltered from dust and grime. She asked him to bring a piece of chalk from the small chalkboard on his desk. He did so and stood next to her on the bare concrete. She knelt and then drew an uneven circle about four meters in diameter, as large as she could given the space. Inside the circle she drew the symbol, that frightening glyph with the unnatural symmetry. There was something unbalanced about it, which gave him the sensation of vertigo if he stared for too long.
  She returned to the book and picked it up with both hands. She looked at him. And he at her. And together they stepped inside the boundary of circle and knelt, facing one another. Behind her confident gaze he saw a terrified girl. But she was also beautiful, and in the end he was glad they had married. It made sense. She began to read, the words from her mouth strange, impenetrable.
  
Lyg'raob mar Plmuzar Okaxcib deve, K'thadras piy gwam
  
  As she read he looked on in horror. The sound of this sequence of words spoken aloud echoed off of each other and resonated in the surrounding air. The words rose in both volume and distortion until all he could hear was a low droning tone, which vibrated the furniture and the walls. He saw she was shouting something at him. He read her lips and understood it as "Look down!"
  And so he did.
  The floor had opened up beneath them, soil and root veins and rock. The hole went down for miles and what was strange was that he could see those miles, because at the bottom there was a source of light and it shone onto the rough walls. As he looked closer he saw there was a moving pattern in the light. It was not a single source of light, but a multitude, rising out of the hole. The closer it got the more he was able to make out the details.
  In the center was a fire burning without a source, only flames feeding into each other. The tongues whip out and become the legs of a spider, each segment curled and interlocking with the other. The legs become the arms of an orangutang, muscled and hairy. And after that it was four hundred thousand brass horns, and then a bridge of crystals made from amber and emerald. And junkyards filled with thrones strapped with sulfurous outcroppings of rock. And fruit vines whose fruits were the rotten heads of decapitated dogs from Santiago and the bloody wings torn from birds who had never flown over the Mediterranean Sea. And kerosene lamps made from the wood of trees that had grown in the Garden of Eden. And flowers that bloom symmetrical pools of machine parts, wires and metal castings. And viruses as large as office buildings, attacking one another, in a furious tangle. After the tenth strata he understood this unholy mandala would never end. He wanted to look away but could not. When he realized this he panicked. Straining at the neck he used all his effort to break free. But it was no use. He was able to reach out and hold onto Eva's hand. She gripped his hand strongly, afraid. But he knew she could not look away from it either and he also knew never again in this life would they see each other.
  The strata grew larger. What was one became two, what was two became four, into the hundreds, into the thousands. And more. And it was not just objects. It was battles in Ancient Rome through Normandy, the soldiers battling one another across battlefields and time. It was regrets from every father who has ever abandonded a child. It was fissures opening in the bottom of the Pacific Ocean. It was seawater and freshwater. It was mountain ranges. It was plains. It was feelings of anger and hilarity and sorrow and serenity and bewilderment and horror and irritation and elation and melancholy and rage and boredom and ennui and jealousy and fear and nostalgia and resentment. All together now. And visible to him in this maddening light. He was not sure how. They feelings flowed through him and replaced his mundane despair with an overwhelming mosaic of emotions. It was unbearable. He felt his sanity pushed to the brink of a vast and dark chasm. And then it went over.
  He was pulled into the vortex of the mandala and was absorbed into the perpetual spiral. His watched as his arms and legs stretched for a mile until his body pulled apart and its contents were dissolved into the river of blood. Rivers of human blood mixed with bone and viscera. Wreathed around the circle, a million miles long.
  The following morning, when the servant entered with breakfast, Adolf and Eva were nowhere to be found. The only thing out of place was an area that had been cleared in the middle of the room. On the concrete floor, in chalk, was a strange symbol enclosed in a circle. Goebbels was informed and quickly ordered the execution of a soldier and servant woman, dressed them in the proper clothing, and burned their bodies to ashes in place of the Furher and his bride. Afterwards, he assumed control of the Reich, retreated with his wife and family, and prepared for the defense of Berlin. This drastic action had been done to maintain order, Goebbels was reported to have said. Order above all.
  
  When he looked up from the book it was dark outside. The clock on the wall in the kitchen said it was five past nine. Six hours had passed since the last time he looked up. His sandwich and beer were still on the counter, unconsumed. His eyes and mouth were dry. He downed the warm beer and took a bite of the sandwich. Then he rose and went to the window. Outside were cars going by, pedestrians walking the sidewalk, stumbling out of the gastropub on the corner, living their lives as if everything in the world made perfect sense.
  Eventually he returned to the book and continued to flip through the pages. With each turn of the page it seemed he went further back in time. Each page was more yellow and brittle than the one before. Soon typeset pages turned to handwritten script. The language of the pages was no longer English. He recognized German, Spanish, Latin, Greek. But he understood none of it. Then he landed on a page with a large cross, resembling an illuminated manuscript, with ornate vines woven around the cross. He scanned the words on the page and they shimmered and blurred out of focus. At first he thought his eyes had gone dry again, but it wasn't that. He continued down the page and discovered he could now understand the words. For some reason this did not surprise him.
  
  Then the soldiers of the governor took Jesus into the common hall, and gathered unto him the whole band of soldiers.
  And they stripped him, and put on him a scarlet robe.
  And when they had platted a crown of thorns, they put it upon his head, and a reed in his right hand: and they bowed the knee before him, and mocked him, saying, Hail, King of the Jews!
  And they spit upon him, and took the reed, and smote him on the head.
  And after that they had mocked him, they took the robe off from him, and put his own raiment on him, and led him away to crucify him.
  And as they came out, they found a man of Cyrene, Simon by name: him they compelled to bear his cross.
  And when they were come unto a place called Golgotha, that is to say, a place of a skull,
  They gave him vinegar to drink mingled with gall: and when he had tasted thereof, he would not drink.
  And they crucified him, and parted his garments, casting lots: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, They parted my garments among them, and upon my vesture did they cast lots.
  And sitting down they watched him there;
  And set up over his head his accusation written, This Is Jesus The King Of The Jews.
  Then were there two thieves crucified with him, one on the right hand, and another on the left.
  And they that passed by reviled him, wagging their heads,
  And saying, Thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days, save thyself. If thou be the Son of God, come down from the cross.
  Likewise also the chief priests mocking him, with the scribes and elders, said,
  He saved others; himself he cannot save. If he be the King of Israel, let him now come down from the cross, and we will believe him.
  He trusted in God; let him deliver him now, if he will have him: for he said, I am the Son of God.
  The thieves also, which were crucified with him, cast the same in his teeth.
  Now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land unto the ninth hour.
  And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is to say, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?
  Some of them that stood there, when they heard that, said, This man calleth for Elias.
  And straightway one of them ran, and took a spunge, and filled it with vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink.
  The rest said, Let be, let us see whether Elias will come to save him.
  Jesus, when he had cried again with a loud voice, yielded up the ghost.
  And many women were there beholding afar off, which followed Jesus from Galilee, ministering unto him:
  Among which was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James and Joses, and the mother of Zebedees children.
  When the even was come, there came a rich man of Arimathaea, named Joseph, who also himself was Jesus' disciple:
  He went to Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus. Then Pilate commanded the body to be delivered.
  And when Joseph had taken the body, he wrapped it in a clean linen cloth,
  And laid it in his own new tomb, which he had hewn out in the rock: and he rolled a great stone to the door of the sepulchre, and departed.
  And there was Mary Magdalene, and the other Mary, sitting over against the sepulchre.
  Now the next day, that followed the day of the preparation, the chief priests and Pharisees came together unto Pilate,
  Saying, Sir, we remember that that deceiver said, while he was yet alive, After three days I will rise again.
  Command therefore that the sepulchre be made sure until the third day, lest his disciples come by night, and steal him away, and say unto the people, He is risen from the dead: so the last error shall be worse than the first.
  Pilate said unto them, Ye have a watch: go your way, make it as sure as ye can.
  So they went, and made the sepulchre sure, sealing the stone, and setting a watch.
  
  He saw darkness. He heard silence. There was no emotion in his heart and no sensation in his body. He understood he was in a space beyond space, and a time beyond time. Soon the idea of 'his heart' and 'his body' seemed absurd and he abandoned those kinds of thoughts. No such boundaries existed in this place. Here was serenity. And peace. It was hard to say how long he existed in this contemplative state of being. It could have been a few seconds. Or it could have been a million years. But at a certain point he saw a point of light appeared in the darkness. A pinpoint of light that drew him towards it. Seeing the light filled him with a longing for something he had lost. He went towards the light and heard singing, a human voice whose song pierced the silence and resonated in his heart. He wept uncontrollably. He soared through the cosmic void, approaching the source of the light and the voice, until he was blinded and deafened from them.
  His eyes opened. His vision blurred. He tried to speak but no words would form in his parched throat. His thirst was unbearable. Around him was a muffled commotion. Voices he could not understand. 
  Eventually his vision cleared and the voices became comprehensible and he understood again who he was, where he was, and what had happened to him.
  Gathered around the bed of stone was a group of half a dozen of his friends and followers, the light from the torches on the wall of the tomb illuminating their gasps of disbelief. Joseph stood in the center, holding a large tome. He alone did not look afraid, but focused and intent. Etched into the wall behind him was a symbol he did not recognize. Then the words which Joseph spoke became clear and unmuffled. He listened to the strange song-like incantation, chanted in endless repitition, and felt his strength return.
  
Lyg'raob mar Plmuzar Okaxcib deve, K'thadras piy gwam


