
Nineteen

July 14

This will be my last entry.

I am back at home, in my mother's bedroom, sitting at the desk in the corner. My sister has never turned the power back on, so I am writing by candlelight, like some princess in a castle. I've spent the last hour flipping through my old entries. You know what's funny? I don't recognize the Abigail I was before. The one with the family and the career. The Abigail who was paralyzed from grief over the death of her mother. I do remember that time in my life, of course. I'm not insane. And I do remember my mother, and my sorrow when she passed. But her memory is distant. Faint. Like a pair of shoes I once owned. Fondly remembered, but meaningless.

What this journal has become, at the end of the day, is the record of a mystery without explanation. The mystery of the man who lives in the room behind the Kroger on Ponce de Leon. You might think I'm crazy, but I have a feeling he's the one responsible for all the horrible shit that's happened to me since that evening in May. I can't explain how I know that, it doesn't really make sense, but I know. Don't get my wrong. I'm not angry. Not anymore I'm not. And I don't think I'm blameless, either. I take full responsibility for my actions. This journal is a confession too. But ultimately, this is the only way I know how to reveal the truth about what happened. Now that he's gone.

After the events of July 2nd, Garvey took down the listing from Craigslist. We pooled the money we made and scored an ounce of good shit. It would last us a month if we paced ourselves. So we got high. And stayed high. On the drugs the pain of my injuries didn't matter. It's not that the pain went away. It just didn't matter. I remember dropping a plate on the floor and picking it up. Garvey looked horrified and said, "Ain't that your broken arm?" I looked at my arm and laughed. "Yeah, I guess it is." He asked me if it hurt, and I had to think about it for a moment. I said yeah, and we both laughed.

We never slept. We watched TV, YouTube. We talked conspiracy theories, or just sat and stared out the window. And whenever we felt the anxiety of the comedown, we'd hit it again, and be soaring for another day or so. Another thing we never did was clean the room. It was disgusting. There was trash and dirty clothes strewn all over the floor. Cigarette butts and ashes piled on the nightstand. At night we heard roaches scurrying in old takeout boxes. Or maybe it was rats. We never found out.

After a week of being holed up in the room, Garvey started getting on my last nerve. He had become paranoid that somebody was going to find out about the robberies. "We were too nice to that one guy," he said, "We should have roughed him up, put the fear of God into him." He was convinced the guy was going to place an anonymous phone call to the police. So every few minutes he would be at the window, scanning the parking lot for cops. At the trash bins he found some wood scraps and brought it inside and boarded the window in the bathroom, as best as he could with no tools. He made so much racket doing that, at two in the morning, our neighbors beat on the walls. So I went off on him.

"You're gonna get the cops called on us for doing that stupid shit, you dumbass!"

He called me a rotten bitch and slapped me across the face. And that really set me off. I scratched in his face and kicked him in the balls.

"I hate your fucking guts!" he said.

I told him I wish I never met him and he shut himself in the bathroom and didn't come out for an hour. But it was fine. After that we watched a documentary on YouTube about the whaling industry in China, and how it was connected to 9/11.

The more we stayed in the more frequent our arguments. The thing was Garvey was too paranoid to go out. And with my injuries he completely forbid me to go out. When we got hungry he walked to the gas station and picked up some arepas. That was the only time I had to myself. In those moments I could really breathe. I could relax. And whenever he returned and I heard the doorknob turn there was a sick feeling in my stomach. Sometimes I was so sick I lost my appetite altogether. Then I had to listen to a lecture about not wasting our money if we didn't have to. Sometimes he was as bad as my mother. I swear.

It was hot. Even for July it was hot. The window air conditioner unit wasn't good enough to keep the room cool during the hottest time of the day. So what I did was pull the table and chair over to the window and prop it open. Then I would sit there and just look out the window over the parking lot. That was how I spent my afternoons. What we really needed was a fan. Just a cheap box fan we could stick in the window for circulation. I asked Garvey if he could get one but he said we couldn't afford that right now.

"Just do like I do and ignore the heat. You get used to it after awhile. Look at me, I don't even sweat no more."

As he said that I could see his undershirt was drenched in sweat. But I didn't say anything. Sometimes it wasn't worth the effort. I just ignored him and went back to the window. It was so uncomfortable. With the heat and the sweat. And being cooped up with the same person for nearly two weeks. Inside I felt this gnawing. That same gnawing hunger I had felt for so long it was like background noise. It didn't even bother me anymore. Except when it did.

All that bullshit continued in the same way until today, my irritation rising, the gnawing inside getting stronger, until something had to give.

In order to block out Garvey and the heat and the stench of our nasty room, all of which was really getting to me - I sat at the open window and stared across the lot at the pregnant girl who lived with her Mexican boyfriend. 

If I'm honest, I was jealous of her. It feels good to write that. Some light of truth in this darkness. I was jealous of her and her boyfriend, who clearly loved her and kissed her every night when he got home from work. I was jealous of their mutual love, and of their material possessions, the nice chairs and decorations she hung outside their room. The succulents and potted plants. But most of all I was jealous of the unborn child in her womb. A child that would be loved and give love, unconditionally. It didn't seem fair to me that she had so much, and me so little.

She was outside, sitting in the chair, in the heat, with a tiny oscillating fan on a table next to her. She had a glass of lemonade and a sandwich and was reading a magazine. Whenever the fan turned in her direction it blew her hair across her face and she absently flipped it behind her ears. For some reason this infuriated me.

"Just tie your hair back, you fucking cunt!" I said.

Garvey sat up in bed. He had gone so long without sleep that he was nodding off during the daytime.

"What'd you say? Tie my hair back?"

"Nothing," I said, "Go back to sleep."

Not long after that she got a text. Then she picked up all her things and brought them inside. Ten minutes later a hatchback pulled up with a girl inside. The car honked and she came outside, wearing a sun dress and a large pair of sunglasses pushed up on her head. She got in the car and they drove off.

It was then I got the idea. At the time I thought it was a good idea, a very good idea, but it wasn't. It really wasn't.

From the nightstand I grabbed Garvey's pocket knife. I put on some jeans and some flip flops and walked outside. It was the afternoon and in the sunlight I winced and covered my eyes. I looked down at my arms, pockmarked with scabs and ashen in color. I felt like a vampire recently emerged from the tomb. Hyper aware of my surroundings, I looked around to make sure nobody was watching me.

What I knew from days upon days of observing them, was that my neighbors hid a key to their room underneath a green and blue glazed pot which sat upon the ledge of their window sill, holding the smallest succulent. I walked across the hot asphalt to the area in front of my neighbors room. I raised the pot and saw the room key, and took it. Hesitating for only a moment, I used the key and entered their room.

It was strange inside. The layout of the room and the furniture was entirely the same as the room Garvey and me shared, except reversed. What was different was how clean it was. And how it smelled. The walls were bright. The carpet was soft. Don't get me wrong, this entire weekly-rate complex was a shithole, but somehow she had made their room homelike, a cocoon in the middle of a wasteland. The wooden furniture had been polished. The sheets and blankets on the bed had been washed with fragrant detergent. In the kitchenette, on the counter where Garvey and me kept our paraphernalia, they had a row of small picture frames, with photos of their family. In the dresser she found their clothes neatly washed and folded, separated into drawers for underwear and socks, jeans and pants, and shirts.

I walked into the kitchen and opened the small refrigerator. Inside was a fucking cornucopia of food. It looked like something out of a painting from the Renaissance, I swear to God. There were vegetables and fruits, tomatoes, peppers, carrots, lettuce, oranges, bananas, grapes. There was meat, chicken, ground beef, chorizo, bacon. At the bottom of the fridge was a pot of spaghetti and meatballs. I pulled it out and took a fork from the drawer and wolfed it down. I wasn't even hungry. Or, maybe I didn't realize how hungry I was.

When I turned around I saw her. The pregnant girl was standing at the door, her key in the doorknob, sunglasses on. She startled when she noticed me. She screamed and then became quiet. Calm even. She closed the door and put the keys into her purse. She did not look at all afraid. I said nothing, holding the pot of spaghetti, fork in my hand.

"You can finish it," she said, "I don't mind."

I continued to eat, watching her, not responding. She set her purse and a shopping bag on the bed and stood there, looking at me. She smiled warmly.

"You are the woman who lives across from us."

I said nothing.

"It's okay," she said, "I'm not mad. Really, you are welcome to our food. To be honest I have been worried for you. Ever since that night a couple weeks ago. I wanted to call an ambulance for you. But I'm glad you're okay now."

I set down the pot on the island, and rested the fork on the lid. It slipped and fell to the counter with a clang. I could see it startle the girl. But I pretended not to notice.

"Gregorio, my husband, told me not to intervene, when I told him about you later that night. But I was raised by my mother to help those who are in need. Don't you think that's a better way to be?"

From the moment onward it was like I was watching the movie of my life. That same sensation I had experienced before, when I followed Rabbit into the woods behind the McDonald's. It was the same. I watched the girl, in whose eyes I now saw terror. I watched myself, opening the pocket knife, and flashing the blade in front of me. I watched the blade enter her pregnant belly, spilling dark blood onto that clean carpet. I watched the evisceration of the fetus, ripped from the womb before its time. I watched as the girl went pale, her expression a combination of shock and horror and disbelief.

I looked down and saw my clothes were drenched in her blood. My arms and hands completely soaked, as if dipped in crimson lacquer.

The next thing I remember was the parking lot. Stumbling across it, seeing my movements as if through a tunnel. Not feeling anything, but knowing that the person I was observing felt utter rage and a loss of control.

The next thing I remember is standing in the shower, my clothes on the tile floor, seeping rivulets of blood into the cracks. I remember the blood washing down the drain. Feeling the water running down my body. Feeling clean.

I remember sirens, and the flashing of red and blue lights, outside our window. Shouting. Commotion.

Garvey woke up and went to the window.

"What the hell?" he said.

He flung back the curtain and I saw rows of police cars and an ambulance. There was a growing crowd at the edge of the yellow tape, standing on their tiptoes in order to see the carnage within. But the door to the room was closed.

At that moment a pickup truck pulled into the spot where it always parked, just in front of their apartment. The husband got out of the truck, his work clothes dusty, and forced his way through the group of police officers. A man in a long coat emerged from the door and placed his hand on the shoulder of the husband, and stopped him from going inside the room. The husband was told something. He went pale and dropped to his knees, unable to stand.

Garvey turned to me, in shock, and then horror as the realization struck him. He looked me up and down. I stood there naked, clean, but my hands red-stained. In my right hand I still carried the pocket knife. I hadn't even put it down.

"What did you do?" he said. His eyes turned fearful and tears welled up in them. All the hardness and macho toughness he had always projected left him in that single moment. In its place was the weakness of a child. A boy. To be honest, it disgusted me to see him like that. It was at that moment I realized I was completely alone in the world.

I said nothing. Not because I was afraid. I wasn't. It was because there didn't seem to be anything to say. Everything was dreamlike all of a sudden, and I felt disconnected from my surroundings. I felt like nothing mattered. Nothing at all.

"Oh my God, Abigail," he said, turning back to the scene in the parking lot, "What did you do? You need to come clean. You have to go out there and come clean for what you did."

What I remember next is the blade of the knife severing the artery in his neck and a thick jet of blood splattering the window pane. He grasped his neck as he turned back to me, wide-eyed, not unlike the neighbor girl. He staggered against the table and lost his balance and fell to his knees. I remember seeing the blade stab one of his eyes, and then the other, and afterwards him reaching towards me, blinded, with tears of blood and vitreous fluid streaming down his face. He made an awful sound, as if he were drowning and finally he collapsed onto the floor in front of me, unmoving.

I remember taking a towel from the bathroom and wiping down the window, quickly and sloppily, and placing it into my bag. I remember grabbing my identification and whatever cash we had left from the nightstand and stuffing it into my bag also. Some part of me must have been thinking rationally, out of self-preservation. Maybe it was instinct. I don't know. I'm not sure of anything anymore.

The next thing I remember is climbing out of the bathroom window, removing the particle boarding Garvey had put in place, and stepping into the small alley behind the building. There was a cat sitting on top of a rusted-out water heater. It hissed at me and scampered away. Separating the weekly-rate hotel from a gas station next door was a concrete gutter protected by a chainlink fence. I remember hopping the fence and snagging my jeans on the way down. Inspecting the hole I
noticed I was wearing a pair of work gloves Garvey kept in his toolbox. I have no memory of looking for them or putting them on. But I can guess it was to hide the blood stains on my hands from anybody, until I could clean them better. I can't be sure of my motivations. At that point I wasn't even aware of my destination. Everything was hazy and surreal.

I do remember keeping away from sidewalks, and from Buford Highway in general, and wanting to stay hidden, feeling that was the smart thing to do. Instead I walked through parking lots and back alleys of the shopping centers, avoiding eye contact, people in general. Though I do remember walking through an old shopping mall, where vendors had lined the abandoned halls with makeshift bodegas, selling prepared food, cheap trinkets, and used electronics covered with dust. I remember avoiding their eyes, but noticing them staring at me in anger, or at least it seemed to me.

What I remember next is standing in line at the McDonald's on Ponce De Leon. The cashier was speaking to me, her mouth moving, but I couldn't tell what she was saying. It was like she was at the end of a tunnel. But then, suddenly, I could understand her. I was present, aware of my surroundings.

"Ma'am," the cashier repeated, agitated, "What can I get for you this evening?"

She glanced down at my bag, and a look of concern appeared on her face. I looked down and saw that I was cradling my bag like it was an infant, steadily rocking it back and forth.

"Nothing," I said.

And it was true. I had no memory of how I got here, and I wasn't hungry in the least. I went outside and leaned against the building, and collected my thoughts.

The sun was going down. There was a pink glow in the sky, a few wisps of clouds. It was warm, but comfortable. A beat-up station wagon drove past with a car full of kids in the back seat, it's headlights on.

I mean, I knew why I was at the McDonald's on Ponce De Leon. There was only one reason, and I knew that much, regardless how out of it I was. Something had led me here. Whether it was of my own volition or not, I was here. As I had done so many times before, I walked around back and found the entrance in the fencing, and stepped through.

There was nothing unusual about this particular evening. The woods were darkening, spangles of evening sunlight shining through the dense foliage. It took several minutes for my eyes to become accustomed to the dimness. But it didn't matter. At this point I could find my way there with my eyes closed.

But I didn't have to. It seemed my senses were heightened. The air was fragrant with the smell of soil, plant life, and the blossoms of summer. I breathed it all in. In my ears were the sounds of leaves blowing in the breeze, squirrels racing along the branches and down the trunks of the trees. And what I saw, even in that decreasing light, was a thousand shades of green and brown, from the leaves on the trees to the sprigs on bushes to the soil on the ground. I noticed it all.

When I reached the railroad, I picked up one of the rusted spikes and brandished it weapon-like in my hand. From there I followed the tracks and by the time I reached the end, behind the Kroger, it was almost completely dark. The artificial light shone white in the back of the grocery store, illuminating the cracked and uneven pavement and chipped yellow paint on the walls. As usual there was nobody there.

I stepped out of the woods and approached the door. The knob turned freely, and I remember hesitating briefly, before I went inside.

Different this time was the atmosphere. It was cold and uninviting. And so dark I had to reach out and feel my way into the space. With the railroad spike I tore through membranes of some alien substance. When I did so I expected to see the man, in some form, in the center of the room. But the dimensions of the room had changed. Or so it seemed. I looked at my feet and saw there was no floor. Instead I was staring into deep space, a vast emptiness dotted with stars and planets and nebulae. Above it was the same. There was no ceiling but instead a limitless black void. And yet I was walking. I was approaching him. He was there, or rather what remained of him. With that spike I cut my way through the writhing tendrils and floating motes of a gelatinous mass like nothing on Earth. In the depths of that cosmic void I approached him. The man was just as he was before, fused to the surface of some world, dark and unnatural to me. My confusion before was thinking he was fused to the floor of the room. But now I understood there was no room. And never was. The room was an illusion, something to orient me, to give a point of reference. Likewise there was no up or down, left or right, north or south. Somehow I understood this without explanation. I just, knew it to be true. And accepted it. The only thing I recognized as the man was his eyes, still there, but almost entirely absorbed into that world. They were kind eyes, teary and bloodshot, and regarded me with the same gentle gaze I recognized from my previous visits. Around him, the chitinous substance glowed, diffusing a cerulean light which illuminated everything around us. Was he in pain? That is hard to say. Below the eyes was a beak-like shell, moving. It looked vaguely like a mouth. Was it speaking? It could have been my imagination, but I thought I could make out the same question he had asked of me so many times before. The sound it made was like a series of guttural clicks, not unlike the scuttling of insects on a tile floor. I approached him. But instead of embracing him, as I normally did, I raised the rusted spike above my head with both hands and brought it down with all my strength, ceremoniously, straight into what remained of him. The spike tore through his flesh like a moldy peach. His eyes went dead. I knew I had killed him, and that our strange connection had been severed forever.

The next thing I knew I was standing in front of the door to the apartment where I used to live with my mother. The key is still there, beneath the terra cotta pot, and I went inside. Immediately I was flooded by the memories of better days. Happier days. And I began to cry. The first thing I saw were photos of my mother, my sister, and me. Lining the walls in the hallway. I have a memory of my mother hanging them. Me irritated at her banging with the hammer, for what seemed like hours, until finally I got up from the couch and went to my room and put on headphones and listened to the Spice Girls.

In the living room I sat on the couch and remembered other things, like the Christmas my sister and I bought my mom that ice maker, the one that made the "good ice", the one she wanted so bad she cut the advertisement from a magazine and hung on the refrigerator. Hoping to surprise her, we wrapped a thermos filled with the ice and put it under the tree, hoping to unwrap gifts that afternoon. But then we got a call from uncle Taylor and by the time we got around to opening gifts that evening, the ice had melted and my mom was very confused why we bought her a thermos with cold water.

I went into the bedroom and found my crochet stuff in a basket in the corner. Still there, just how I left it, was the red and white beanie I was making for my nephew. The word "Cool" was spelled out on the fold, but the other word "Guy" was incomplete, the hooks still connected.

Sitting at the desk in the corner of the room, I opened my bag to find the journal I had brought with me. When I saw the bloody towel, my pulse quickened, and I was reminded of all that had happened.

I took the bloody towel outside, walked around the fence, to the neighbor's yard, and stuffed the towel beneath some garbage bags in the bin at the edge of the property.

Back at the desk, I found a pen and wrote the entry you are reading now, detailing everything about this day. I want a record of it. Even if it never comes to light, the things that have happened, I want to know I did what I could to make the truth known.

I regret the things I've done. I hope whoever is reading this believes me when I say that. I never meant for it to go this far. The truth is, I don't know how to live anymore, since my mother died. I hope whoever reads this can understand that and not judge me too harshly, even though I killed that poor girl and her baby. And I killed Garvey. I did that, and I can't ever take it back. For that I feel like what I plan to do is justified, and right. I truly believe that. I won't talk about the man and the room. But I hope whoever reads this also understands that. Mainly that it happened. My biggest fear is that people will find out about me and the things I've done and call me insane, and not believe the things I've written about. They'll dismiss it, call me delusional, things like that. But I'm not. I know I'm not.

And in the end, the words have always been there, in my mind. There, but unexpressed. Now I simply say them: I am going to die.

How strange my life turned out to be. How precarious it all was, looking back. How thin the walls that sheltered me, all my life, against a despair that has no end.

I have more to say, my heart has more that it wants to say, but I don't have the words to make it understood. It's like, all my life I’ve been on the cusp of understanding something. Something of vital importance that lies just beyond my grasp. Even now I know it's there, hazy and indistinct, in the fog of my mind. But I can't seem to get at it. I can't reach it. I haven't ever been able to reach it, because it's too far away. Now I guess it always will be.



