
Twenty

  In the morning he took a shower and dressed for work. He brewed a pot of coffee, but by the time it was done and the had aroma filled the apartment he looked at the clock and noticed he was behind. He turned off the maker, grabbed his laptop bag, and also the satchel containing the book and pendant, and hurried out the door, taking the stairs instead of the elevator to save time.
  The weather was fine, briskly cold with clear skies and sun. Traffic was average, not as heavy as he was expecting for mid-week. He made good time to 400 North and made it past the tolls before 8:20, better than usual. There was an accident about a mile before exit 8 which slowed him a little, but it was still fifteen til 9 when he pulled into the parking lot.
  At his cubicle he relaxed a bit. As he checked his email he took several deep breaths, and felt his pulse slow to normal. The last thing he had wanted for today was to be late. Instinctively he knew he needed to return with gusto and enthusiasm for his work, after so many days of absence.
   In the break room he poured a mug of coffee, preparing it with sugar and two creamers, his usual, and headed straight to Conference Room E for the daily standup meeting. Crystal and Byron were already inside, discussing something that sounded important, both of them serious. When he entered Byron cocked one eyebrow.
   "Hey dude, long time no see."
   "Hey Byron," he said, taking a seat across from them, "Yeah,  I had to take some time off, unexpectedly. Family stuff."
   Crystal smiled, and nodded at his explanation. A few moments when by, and then Byron picked up the conversation where he and Crystal had left off, not bothering to fill him in with the details, so he did the best he could to follow.
   "Well, tell me at least Chen asked Reginald for the logs last night."
   "I think so," Crystal said, "You can certainly ask him when he gets here."
   "Cause if we don't have the logs, there's no way to troubleshoot the problem. It's like working with one hand behind our backs, in the dark."
   Crystal nodded in agreement, and turned her attention to her phone, done with the conversation they were having.
   A few minutes later Chen entered the room, along with Reginald from Ops and another person he didn't know, a younger guy, closer to his age.
   "Hey guys," Chen said, "Reginald and Kevin are going to help us figure out the issue and hopefully deploy a fix as soon as we have one."
   Chen did a double-take when he saw him, and smiled.
   "Hey man, glad you have you back. You picked a good time. Everything is just humming along, like a well-oiled machine."
   The group laughed. Maintaining camaraderie and group morale, even when times were tough, was something he had always admired about Chen. After the laughter died down, Chen got serious. He laid a bundle of papers on the desk in front of them.
   "Here are the logs from last night. Steve is working from home today. He's already been going through them, and found a few bad network calls around midnight, so that's our best guess at the moment, as to what caused the issue."
   "Bad network calls?" Byron said, incredulous.
   Chen nodded.
   "I know, but it's the only thing we've found so far. Hopefully with more eyes on it, we can get to the bottom of the issue."
   Reginald gave the team a run-down of what happened on the Ops side of things.
   "Around midnight a yet to be determined internal service starting flooding the Authentication API with requests, thousands per second. Normally the API is protected from denial of service issues of this nature, by a proxy service that throttles requests by IP and a dynamic blacklist. But internal services are not routed through this proxy and therefore that safeguard system was unable to stop it. Because it was the Authentication API, every other system that requires Authentication, basically all of them, was unable to serve requests, from midnight until now. It brought the entire platform down. Customers in Europe and Australia have been calling in complaints. We're just now starting to get complaints from customers in the US, since the business day is just starting."
   After the the rundown, the team broke off, Byron and Crystal to their cubicles. Chen to his office. He waited a few minutes and then knocked on the open door to Chen's office, poking his head inside.
   "Got a minute?"
   Chen was in the middle of writing an email, but stopped.
   "Sure."
   He sat in the chair in front of the desk. Chen waited for him to speak. He took a moment before saying anything.
   "Well, I wanted to apologize for my absence lately. I know with a team this small it really hurts productivity when someone isn't around to pull their weight. I've had some family issues come up. I didn't want to get into it over email. Anyway, I'm sorry. It won't happen again. Just let me know what I can to do help out in this situation today. I don't have the full context, but I can catch up."
   Chen sat back in his chair.
   "Hey man, I really appreciate you saying that. But it's not necessary. When it comes to family you do what you have to do. Family comes first. I hope whatever it was is okay now."
   "It is, and thank you."
   "What would really help I think is if you could sit down with Byron to go through the logs from last night, and see if you can figure out which of our services could be causing this issue. We are working on a temporary fix to re-route the public facing applications to a separate auth service. Some features won't work of course, but at least the applications will load."
   "Right, that makes sense."
   He went by Byron's cubicle and asked if he minded the help looking through the logs.
   "Mind? Hell no. My brain's spinning trying to filter through all this noise. It's like finding a four-leaf clover in a haystack."
   "Wouldn't it have been simpler to give us text files instead of print-outs of the logs?"
   Byron shook his head.
   "Tell me about it man. Those old farts do everything like it's 1972."
   They divided the log sheets and went through them line by line. It didn't take him very long to notice a pattern in the logs. And not much longer after that to trace the connections back to the new build script deployed only a few weeks ago. There was a sick feeling in his stomach. But he knew his suspicions were correct when he compared the endpoints and tokens being used. He told Byron and waited for that cocked eyebrow, but he saw no hint of blame.
   He opened the script on his laptop and went through the code and found a scenario that would cause an infinite loop of authentication requests. The fix was basic, a simple null check before the loop. It was something he should have caught before, if he had paid attention. In his defense it was a section of the code Abigail had written, and he had not touched it. But he didn't say anything about that. He checked in the fix and both he and Byron went to inform the rest of the team about what they had discovered.
   Chen was relieved. Considering the seriousness of the issue, they were able to deploy the latest commit within the hour. The authentication service was no longer bogged down with requests and the platform returned to normal behavior.
   They had a late lunch at the cafeteria, as a group, after a collective sigh of relief, and receiving the all-clear from Operations. While they ate, Chen suggested he should start work on a monitoring tool for all their internal services, so they could track issues like this in the future more easily. He thought it was a great idea, and would be fun to write, and his mind began the work of coming up with various approaches.
   By the time he left the office that evening, he had a rough idea of the scripts and off the shelf software that would be necessary to implement such a tool. He was so caught up he barely paid attention to how bad the traffic was on the drive home, only vaguely aware of how long he sat still on 400 as the setting sun came through the windshield and blinded him. Absently he flipped down the visor and made a mental arrangement to drive to George's this evening with his notebook and put all his thoughts down on paper. Despite this being software, he still liked to design on paper. Having to translate his ideas to the written word always clarified things in his mind, and surfaced any holes in his logic.
   The next time he became aware of his surroundings was when he pulled into the McDonald's parking lot, on Ponce de Leon. It was twilight and the sun was no longer visible in the sky. He pulled into a space around back, near the drive-thru window, put the Jeep in park and switched it off. For several minutes he stared ahead, the spool of his mind unraveling all the events of the day in reverse. From the back seat he grabbed the satchel. He unzipped the front pouch and pulled out the pendant on the chain. He looked at it and rubbed his thumb over the etched grooves of the symbol on its face.
   Behind the building was the fence. The hole was there, just like it was the last time he was here, and the time before that. There was a part of him that hoped it would not be there. After everything he had seen it didn't seem implausible. But it was there. He stood outside it and waited. And then he went through it.
   The woods gave off a fragrance that was earthen and wild.  He crouched through the small tunnel of twisted limbs from brush and small trees and emerged in the clearing. The ground was softer than usual, a carpet of sodden leaves and grass. He found the railroad tracks and followed them. As he walked he thought about the day.
   There was never a question he would come here tonight. So what was today then? He couldn't say. More importantly, what would tomorrow look like? The excitement and drama of the workday felt like a hundred years ago. His plans to implement the monitoring tool, was that all bullshit? He didn't like to think he was someone who could be taken in by self-delusion, but here he was. And then another question occurred to him. Why must he go through with this? There was nobody at his back with knife or gun, forcing him. He could walk away. He could turn around right now, get in his Jeep, drive to George's, and sketch out the design for the monitoring tool. That was a thing that could happen. And yet, every moment that went by he did not turn around. Every moment he took another step towards the door behind the Kroger. Something compels me, he thought, but I don't know what.
   Nothing was alive in these woods, he observed. Nothing that he could see. Except for him. The woods were dark, and the air was cold and biting. The last glow of evening was visible in the small patches of sky he could see through the trees. A wind blew through the treetops and rustled the branches and limbs above him. He zipped up his coat and kept his eyes on the ground, following the remnants of the tracks.
   When he reached the edge of the woods, and saw the dilapidated area behind the Kroger, and the steps leading to he door, he stopped. Waited. Go back, a voice within told him. Continue, said another. Do not be afraid.
   He emerged from the woods and stepped across the alleyway and ascended the concrete steps to the door. On the knob was the slot he had tried before. He removed the pendant from his pocket and inserted it. He turned the knob but it was locked. Just like he expected it to be. He unbuckled the satchel and pulled out the book. He had written the phrase down on a sheet of paper folded underneath the twine which bound the covers. He removed the paper and looked at the words. He stood up and put his hand on the doorknob, in just the same position he had observed Rabbit do it. He read the words slowly, with emphasis on each syllable.
   
Lyg'raob mar Plmuzar Okaxcib deve, K'thadras piy gwam

  Nothing happened. Nothing at all like what he had experienced when reading the accounts from the book. He panicked a little and wondered if he had pronounced the words correctly. He thought he had. He thought to try again, but before he did, a mechanical sound emanated from the door, the sound of unlatching. He turned the knob again. It opened.
  Beyond the door was a narrow corridor, with concrete walls and fluorescent lighting overhead, producing a faint but consistent electric buzzing sound. There was a damp, basement-like smell emanating from within. It looked to be some kind of utility area, lined with shelves and a mop bucket near the door with a desiccated mop inside. It was not at all what he had expected to find. He closed the door behind him and continued along the corridor. From his pocket he pulled a folded serrated-edge knife, one he had brought along for safety, and opened it, gripping it tightly in his right hand.
  The further he walked the more he heard the sound of chanting. At first he dismissed it as imagination or ambient noise, but soon it became unmistakable. He stopped and listened to it. The chanting was low, of many voices, in a language he could not place. Inside he heard a voice, speaking to him. "Now would be the time to turn around, if that's what you're going to do." He ignored it, and kept going.
  As he walked he looked at the shelves along the walls. The shelves were lined with rusted tools, tin cans filled with nails, nuts, bolts, and other types of construction materials. But old, very old. At some point the lighting changed. The fluorescent lighting was replaced by incandescent bulbs, dimmer than the fluorescence, and spaced at wide intervals which left entire sections of the corridor in the dark.
  The sound of the chanting grew louder, and more distinct. The lyrics were strange, having the same unnatural pronunciation as the words he copied from the book. At each rise and fall of its  melody he was overwhelmed by feelings of euphoria and doom. What kind of song could produce such feelings? He wondered. The sound was so hypnotic it lulled him into a dreamy state of mind and it was because of that he did not notice when exactly the corridor changed. There were no more shelves and the walls were no longer concrete but polished stone. There was also no more lighting, but the strange thing was he could see perfectly fine. The corridor was bathed in an amber glow, as if from an unseen fire, flickering and moving along the floor and walls.
  It was then he noticed the walls of the corridor were not bare, but were engraved with elaborate scenes, depicting unusual landscapes and unrecognizable forms of life. Along the tops of these engravings were words of the same language as from the book. He reached out and ran his fingers along the precise and intricate craftsmanship. It was beautifully carved, the work of genius. Of that there was no doubt.
  By now the chanting had grown so loud it was echoing off the walls of the corridor, reverberating in his mind. He was disoriented but continued to walk. At a certain point he glanced upwards and was surprised to see there was no ceiling. The walls rose to a balcony, twenty feet up, which ran the entire length of the corridor and was lined with a stone balustrade. Above that was darkness. Along the railing were candles, hundreds of them, of various shapes and sizes, and he understood that was the source of the light. As his eyes became accustomed to the darkness above he saw each candle was being held in a human hand. These were the chanters. They were robed and hooded. He could not see their faces.
  He continued to walk, looking around him, at the chanters overhead. As he progressed he noticed the polished stone of the walls became rougher, the engravings less artful, eroded. On the ground his feet stumbled over pebbles and grooves in the stone flooring. It was colder. He felt a breeze from somewhere ahead. And then he reached the end of the corridor.
  There was an archway, with steps leading down. Because there was nowhere else to go, he continued down the stairs. The steps were smooth and slippery, and there was no railing, so he reached out for the walls for support. The walls were no longer polished, as they had been in the corridor. He was in a cave. The only light was from small torches that lined the right hand side of the stairwell. The chanting became softer, less distinct. And soon the only sound was the lapping of the torch flames in the breeze, which came from further below.
  He descended for an hour, until his feet were sore and his back hurt. By now the torches were so infrequent he was now walking in almost complete darkness, but it had happened so slowly he hadn't realized it. He emerged from the stairwell into an open area with a cavernous space overhead. Here the breeze was stronger. It was cold. Along the wall facing him were three doors, lit by torches. The doors were made from the same smooth and chitinous substance as the pendant and the cover of the Vothmawg-Ab.
  He approached the door on his left. He turned the knob and opened it. He saw space, infinite and dark, spread before him like a vision. He saw the birth of the solar system, the burning orb at the center of a spiral nebula of dust and rock and ice. He saw the formation of the planets, the slow accretion of interstellar debris into molten spheres. He saw the annihilation of a billion particles as they collided into one other in the silence of the cosmos.
  Next he went to the middle door. When he opened the door he saw the alley behind the Kroger on Ponce de Leon. A gentle breeze scuttled leaves across the cracked pavement, and bristled the limbs of trees in the woods beyond. Otherwise there was nothing out of the ordinary that he could see.
  At the third door he turned the knob and found that it was locked. He understood that it always would be.
  When he turned back to the stairway he saw that it was gone. Where it had been was another wall of the cave. He went to the wall and searched it, hoping to find a way back through again. He scratched and pounded and lost his temper, to no avail. He soon gave up and sat down against it, head in hands, and thought about many things.
  He thought about K'thadras. He thought about the reality of his being, asleep in the center of our world. He focused his mind on that reality until everything else that he had always thought to be reality felt unreal by comparison. He thought about his life, all the hours of his life he had wasted by pursuing empty desires and running away from toothless fears. He thought about his family and friends, and even his enemies. All that seemed so far away, as if it had happened to someone else, in another life. But then a voice would protest at that resignation. It would tell him, this is not real. This is temporary. Your other life was real, and it is waiting for you. Keep strong. And that would help for awhile. But then the feeling would come back stronger. He grew sad at the thought of never seeing the people in his life again. He regretted any moment of his life where he had said an unkind thing or acted in a hateful way towards someone, and wished with all his heart he could go back and do it over again, to correct those wrongs. He was sorrowful and felt like nothing again would ever make him happy. That every good thing in life was in the past and all that remained of life was suffering and death. But then, he broke through, and light came back to his heart. This was life, after all, for all its pain there is also joy. When his heart was light he felt like he could wait for a hundred years. The length of time didn't matter. His patience was infinite. He sat in the room and his thoughts returned to K'thadras, as they always would from now on. And he realized something profound. Something that could not be taught, only experienced. 
  
  I wait because He waits.
  
  The years passed, and he grew old. His skin wrinkled, his hair fell out. The walls of the room eroded and all but one of the doors faded, along with his possessions. But it didn't matter. As he had realized when he was a young man, he could wait a hundred years, if he had to. He could wait forever. And then one day, the only door that remained opened. It had been many years since it had been opened and creaked with age. Inside walked a woman, pensive and alone. He looked up, surprised but not unpleasantly so, and spoke to her.
  
  "Where are you hurting, Abigail?"
  