A story about a man who buys a laptop off craigslist. A scientist has committed suicide, working on a prototype that was meant to change the world, his house robbed and lab burned to the ground. The man discovers its the laptop of the man who committed suicide.

He didn’t commit suicide. It was murder. He’s not really dead, destroyed the technology, the world isn’t ready for it. The man inadvertently releases into the world, where it falls into the wrong hands, despite the scientists best wishes.

The stream can work at different magnitudes. You can learn information, history, thoughts, dreams, ambitions. He uses it as a mind-reader and learns the man next door is a pimp, trafficking underage girls.

Privacy

Empathy > Telepathy > Mind-Reading

Sells edibles from Colorado. He lives in a non-descript town in North Georgia.

But the real application is telepathy, two way communication, and deeper than that, true empathy.

The technology works with media, images, video, sound, physical specimen

Neanderthals who discovered fire did not understand the physics or the chemistry behind 
combustion, but that didn't prevent them from using it for the benefit of everyone.

The Aura Stream

President Trump

Down on his luck, used to work the extruder at the carpet mill until it shut down. No more work, town like the molt of a cicada, retaining the shape but dead, brittle, hollow. Now I got this deal where this guy I know trucks edibles from Colorado every few weeks. They are harder to detect by drug dogs. I sell those on forums.

I used to think about what else I could do, but I don't feel any heart anymore, any excitement.

The scientist has gone mad? Holy fool. Absolute empathy.

The woman in the dark.
Make it dim. Make it dim.

The story ends with the main character emerging from somewhere, the government 
people are there, shadowy people, call out to him.

"Here I am."

Part One leads up to unlocking the encrypted drive to better understand the device. Turn, device is not just for mind reading, but for telepathy.

Part Two is story of the creation of the Aura algorithm and what led up to the fire. Turn, she is not really dead. Rant on money, feeling alone when friends abandon dreams.

Part Three, search for her, evade government agents, and company men. Turn, she is mad.

He needs to progress through three stages, maybe ending with empathy.

Drug buyers were hired to rough her up, steal equipment, government? corp?

Ends in vision of empathy

The man is bad in his heart. The woman is good in her heart. The discovery brings out 
what is in them. He becomes worse. She becomes better. We never know who the authority 
figures are, whether they represent the corporation or the government. At the end, 
he joins them, or rather it is left as an unknown, "Here I am."



Man: Fell on hard times -> Corrupt
Woman: Cold, analytic -> Empathetic


This is not science, this is pseudoscience at best. Snake Oil.
But it works.


Still got that lappy for sale?
Yeah I got it.
Take five hundred?
Its worth more than that.
How much you take?
Eight hundred, like it says in the ad.
Oh, alright then.

After returning from the deal with the laptop he looks out the window because 
the mexican who works the night shift at the office is beating on the door of the 
family across the way, the pimp next door is yelling at his girl, the pool with 
the brown tarp peeled back over dark green water, reminds him of a Florida vacation he 
took with his dad and brother and sister when they were just kids. They wore orange 
floatation balloons on their arms in the blue water of the pool and the sky was very blue against the 
white clouds. It was funny how clearly he could still recall it and even smell it and 
he then felt a deep sadness at how far he was now from those days and 
how fun it all was and how life would never again be so fun. He thought about that. 
Then he thought of his own son and what he was doing right now and if he would ever think about 
him as he remembered his own father and that was the last thing he thought before sleep took him.

I can't help you.